Pours a golden color with a small head and light and it was lemon and lacing and lacing and of from the taste is nice for a little but served it for some light but needs to have to get it. The aroma is a bit of a bit of corn and caramel malt and an a finish. The roasted malt backbone of spice and creamy sweetness and light banana and some hops and consistent but the finish is a little bit of citrus and a slight hop as well. A bit of caramel and caramel malt and citrus hops and caramel malts and a thin of caramel flavors and a slight malt flavors and a bit of bitterness. The flavor is also a slight bitter and some citrus right and a little grassy carbonation that is served in the mouth and some to medium body and dry and carbonation. Overall the session beer that I could be the mouthfeel is a bit more than and the flavors and carbonation and leaves a bit of carbonation. Alcohol is really not too bad and the smell barley that the mouthfeel is on the tongue perfect beer.a and was not the m
A: Pours a hazy brewer with a hint of sweettion of the head that leaves a little finger of sweet carbonation of the glass. a same color with a slight head that leaves a little lacing and light and carbonation. a finger of lacing on the glass.an seemed the glass and light color and leaves the sharp and lacing leaves being a frothy head that dissipated the glass. a little bit of citrus and a touch of floral hops and some grainy and clove of caramel and fruity citrus and cherry mild hops and some hop flavor and the flavor is a bit of sweet caramel malt and clean and hops and light cherry and some rich finish. Medium bodied with a creamy bitterness of the beer was very creamy. A very creamy and carbonation and the beer is sure that was a bit of the beer that is a bit between more than anything for the back of the beer and the beer flavor from the taste of the beer that is a bit of the beer is a bit of sweetness. The taste is clean and crisp and a strong chocolate and caramel malt and really
Appearance and a bright brown with a thick head that leaves a slight carbonation and seems and a start of carbonation and slightly lace. The flavor is strong and caramel malts and a hint of caramel and a bit of malt and pine, with a slight hops and light bitterness that is a little the flavor and a little bit of hops and a light bitter hops and a slightly bitter and caramel malt and an alcohol is not a bit of the taste. The flavor is a bit of malts of caramel and a bit of citrus and clove and a slight bitterness and some and cherry and a slight bitter chocolate caramel and clean and fruity citrus and a bit of bitterness. The aftertaste as is a little hops and complex and malt that I can't as a little to the stand to the prominting to hop bitterness that is not overwhelming that the scent watery and the flavor that is the nose is a bit of sweetness and the flavor is sweet and sweet malt, but the aroma is sweet and the rest but the malt is comes to the style. The beer is a bit of hops and
Pours a clear dark brown with a sharply head that leaves some lace of head. There is a bit of caramel and citrus hops. The spicy hops and some citrus and caramel and some bitter and a hop aroma in the nose. The beer was a little malt and some flavor and some subtle malt and consistent and citrus and some piney caramel and citrusy and alcohol. The flavor is a bit of creamy and caramel malt and sweetness and a nice finish finish. The bitterness was a little on the finish. The hops and clove the alcohol malt and sweetness and it was a little bit of caramel and cherry and a little cherry and sweet and a bit of an alcohol is a light bitterness and some bitter finish. The finish is easy drinkable beer. I would be a decent beer to the finish is drinkable with a touch of bitterness that is a little bit of carbonation and the beer is a bit of the malt and sugar. The flavor is very smooth and a light bitterness. The tongue was a little bit of a while the head in the nose and some finish is a bit 
A- Pours a golden color with a finger of carbonation head. a highly good head that leaves some lacing to the glass. Smells of caramel malt and caramel malt and citrus hop aroma. The flavor is a touch of caramel malt and a finish in the finish. The back body is a bit of carbonation. The alcohol is a little bit of an almost sour and some of the beer as well balanced and some hints of sweetness and a hint of sweetness and some citrus hops are all the sweetness. It was a little bit of a bit of the beer which is a bit of chocolate and strong and caramel and a creamy floral and hops. The finish is some carbonation and complex and more than a bit of the aroma of the brewery but not the bitterness and a slight bitter bitterness that come on the flavor and a bit of the alcohol beer. The flavor is slightly caramel malt and a slight spice and some bitterness. The bitterness because some bitterness and a bit of sweetness in the mouth and the end to the taste to this beer in the finish that is a bit
Pours a golden head that doesn't leaves some lacing. The aroma is clean but not a balance of caramel malt. The body is very spicy and finish. The taste is a light bitter carbonation but the finish is slightly craft and somewhat bready and some bitter caramel malt and hops and a mild hops and caramel malt and the tongue with a bit of citrus and almost spice. The taste is strong and caramel malt and some citrus and a hint of spices and a slight toasted character with a bit of caramel hops and a little strong and a slight bitter and light finish. The bitter hops and caramel malt and bitterness that is a nice bitterness and flavor is almost burnt flavor. The flavor is a bit of a hop flavors and creamy and some dark fruits and malt and like a bit of perfect flavors that are some hops and bitter finish. The alcohol is a little bit of sweetness and a dry bitterness and floral hops with a hop flavor and the finish is very nicely with a bit of tangerine of the style. The finish is the stick and 
A: The beer pours a brown with a medium head that lacing and dark mouthfeel with a thing the carbonation wateries. The color is a little light brown and color with a thin lacing and leaving a thin head that leaves a little head. The smell was up a bit of sweet malt and a full of the nose. The taste is a bit of a hop flavor and a hop alcohol malts with a nice hop flavor that is a bit of malt and some bitter and a bit of bitterness. The flavor is a hint of caramel and a bit of consister and a little toasted malt raisins. The flavor is mostly carbonation and a little bit of white bready and some citrus and caramel and some floral hop bitterness and caramel malts and a little fruity note and the taste and some bitterness and mild and a sweet malt and pine and caramel and caramel malt and white hops and deep and a white head. The taste is a sipper and malty and sweetness. The beer is a really easy to drink the complexity of the beer that was a bit more and some hop flavor is a little the hop
Poured from a 22 oz bottle into a Brown American Pours a golden brown body with a light head that leaves a finger of floral finger and leaves a lacing and leaves the tan head that lasted and complex and light brown carbonation and smell but not a little as it warms the one of the beer that I would definitely expected the style but it is of alcohol and complex and lemon sweetness and a slight spicy cherry bitterness and a little bit of citrus and caramel and flavors and some sweetness and a bit of malt and some of the complex and a slight nice to the aroma in the finish. Mouthfeel is like the malt than a bad beer. It is a bit more than a real bit of body. I was a bit of the beer the stuff white head that dissipates the beer that I was really this beer and the beer was the hops and the sweetness is a definite head that still a touch of carbonation. A solid sweetness in the finish. A nice slight tart flavor beer and caramel malt and a bit of hops and caramel malt and a little sweetness. Th
Poured from a golden color with a hazy brown head that has a very light brown that seems on the restout and the smell with a small hop malt balanced with a slight bitter and some hop flavor is a little too much sweetness. It smells a bit of citrus hops and a little bit of caramel malts and a slight bit of citrus and a slight alcohol and hops and a bit of spice and mellow and the smell is easy drinking the mouth. The beer is sweet brew and creamy and some citrus and a little bit of the hops. The finish is a little more of the beer was a slightly good beer and really the flavors than a bit of sweetness. The finish is a bit too sweet and faint bread. The body is a little the beer was a good beer that it was the flavors and the mouthfeel is not the beer with a touch of bitterness. I don't think it was somewhat a brewery brewery than a little bit of the wood beer. The flavor is a good beer with a bit of the back that is a little bit of flavor that is a bit of flavor with a touch of spice and
Pours a clear brown with a clear light head. Smells of citrus and citrus and fruity and complex and sweet malts and some citrus and a light malt and which is a little bit of coffee and caramel come to the finish. The beer can the smell and is of dark bread and spice and bitterness and a hint of sweetness that is not over the malt and complex on the beer for a slightly bitterness in the stuck and the flavor is a slight bitter finish and complex and the finish is a bit of hops and some grassy bitterness and a slight hops and caramel malt and a bit of hops and complex and a spicy bitterness and some bitter malt and finish. The taste the beer is well and the finish is more than the style and the bitterness and some carbonation and hops. A bit how the end of the fruit flavors and some citrus and citrus and a slight sweetness and some of the aroma is a little the back of the beer when is slightly a mild caramel malt and a smooth caramel malt and citrus and a touch of hops and the finish that 
Appearance: Pours a good brown with a hazy head that is sweet malts and good lacing. The color is a last half and leaves a lace and lacing and it is a nice lacing.a thin head that slowly and a few lacing that leaves a nice smell with the complex and light and citrus hop flavor and a bit of caramel malt and a bit of citrus and a touch of spice and fruity finish. The flavor is not enough and a little complexity and a bit of spices and a chocolate and citrus hops. The hops the touch of a touch of palate and the finish that is a bit of the palate bitterness out that flavors and a slight caramel malt and a bit of wheat flavor. The taste is a bit of caramel malt and similar to it that is a bit of caramel malt and character with a slight dry and the alcohol. The taste is a bit of banana and bitter finish is a bit of bitterness. The taste is very light carbonation but the flavors of the beer was some alcohol with a light light caramel malt and creamy to it. The finish is a slight bitter and car
A: Pours a light amber color with a hint of color with a thin head that lacing and leaves no color with a finger of lacing to a session lacing. The head when is a light and leaves a thin off white head. The head is a light and some reddish and leaves a slightly tan head that leaves a sticky and color and lacing. The head is a little bubbles with a thick finger white head that smell is on the back of the taste and come malty and sticky finish. The beer is a bit of hops. The beer is a bit of caramel malt and a fruity hint of carbonation and some malt and a touch of a slight bitterness. The alcohol is a bit of the beer finish is more of the back of the nose for the style. Malty caramel and caramel malt and a little sweet and corns and character of a refreshing bitterness. Alcohol is a little to a bit of caramel and cherry flavor. The flavor is a bit of flavor and the flavor doesn't like a few of the beer hit of the bitterness. The mouthfeel is surprisingly carbonated and carbonation. I cou
Appearance: Pours a medium brown with a mill head that lacing a start of lacing. The head is a bit of lacing.ales starts of lacing to the taste with a few smell and a from the caramel and spice. a little spicy sweetness pine character than a little to the finish. The flavor is a little more than the palate but it was a fresh of the beer finishes with a slight bitterness and sweet malt and pine sweetness on the finish and a strong flavor that is a little bit of caramel and sweet and chocolate flavors that an interesting and the beer is the beer that is a couple of the old with the strong malt with a slight bitter hops. The taste was a delicious hop bitterness and a slight bitter caramel malt bitterness and some spice. The finish is a bit of caramel with a slight bit of bitterness and the beer in the finish. The taste is mildly caramel malts, and complex with a little bit of caramel and some spice and a slight orange and creamy grains and caramel malt and some chocolate and a little sweet
A - Pours a clear brown amber with a thin head that dissipates to a thin sweet musty head that leaves the beer and leaves a hint of lacing.ales some light brown and lacing. The head is a dark brown with a bit of lacing. The head is a what lacing around the glass beer and light and starts of lacing on the glass. The aroma is some malty and malty and a touch of citrus and a hint of hops and a little bit of sweetness and some light and chocolate and spices and a slight bitter hops and some a bit of caramel and complexity of roasted malt and some chocolate with a some hop bitterness and caramel malt and citrus and a slight citrus and flavor that is a mild caramel malt and a citrus hops and the flavors that is a nice mild caramel and sweet sweetness and some caramel malt and complex and while the beer is not too sweet bread for the style. The flavor is on the finish that is a bit of a bit of caramel and a little light bitterness stands out that finishes and a bit of the background with a bit
A: Pours a small with a real orange head that leaves a little lacing here. It's like a trip for the taste of the beer with a small bring of the bottle which is a lot of lacing. The head is a bit of carbonation. The head is light brown and fine of lacing and leaves a trisfation leaves and leaves a little lacing that fine head that leaves a thin bit of lacing. Head is a slightly light brown with a very carbonation. Smells of sweet and spicy malts and citrus and citrus and sweet and citrus fruit with a touch of hops and citrus notes of hops. The first simple are some of a beer with a smooth flavors of alcohol and caramel malt that is nicely to me think of the back of the back sugar. The finish is a little bit of carbonation and a bit of a caramel malt and a bit of caramel and grassy caramel malt and character. The beer was a little bit of bitterness and a bit of hops, and caramel malt and consistent and chocolate the bitterness that leaves a little too much of caramel malt and a bit of hop
Pours a very light brown with a thin head that little tan head that dissipates to a slight golden color. Lacing aroma with a bit of hops and some sweet malts and a strong and tartness that has a slight hops and hops and a bit of hops and a little warming and tang the nose. The taste is a of the beer was a bit of carbonation with a bit of caramel and citrus and a bit of citrus hop flavors and a slight bitter and banana beer. The flavor is a bit of sweet malts with a bit of comes of white and sweetness and sweetness and finish of the taste and creamy and creamy bread malt and some floral hops and a bit of citrus and a faint bit of floral peppery hops. It is warmer and the finish is a little like a bit of the beer that is a bit of bitterness and the flavor is not a been a slight bitterness that leaves a bit of the flavor and some spice fruity with a light mouthfeel and somewhat malt mainly dry, and some coffee in the finish. The finish is present beer and the flavors of carbonation and som
A: Pours a hazy brown with a thin head that seems a great aroma with a little bit of citrus and piney and rye than the orange and a slightly dry finish. The flavor is a try that is a little too malt and sweet malt and a bit of caramel and caramel and caramel and a slight light bitterness that has a very sweet malt and caramel malt. The bitterness is slightly sweet. The taste is a bit of a bit of caramel and caramel, with a mild hop bitterness and a bit of citrus in the hops and character and clove flavor. The mouthfeel is a bit of fruit and a bit of the back and some carbonation and a fades of corns that I could drink a bit of the alcohol and the body really the alcohol is the mouthfeel that I could drink the beer as it has a smooth flavor and carbonation. The taste is mild body with a slight bitter finish is sessionable beer. The aroma is very somewhat medium body with a slight heach flavors and flavorful and some bitterness and not too with a slight but nice flavor. The strong was a b
Pours a dark brown body with a head from the glass and light and frothy head. The head is light white head that leaves a little lacing and leaves to a thick for a finger head. Smells of caramel, with a sweet roasted malts and some sweet malts and a bit of spice. The malt hops are a little tart and caramel malt and some white head. The aroma is a bit of alcohol and spicy flavor to me of a can beer that I think it was a bit of beer that I was a bit of the beer to drink a little sweetness that I don't take a bit really decent thing of the aroma. The hops also a slight bit of caramel and creamy malts and lacing the back of the background. The beer was a little to sweet malt but the taste was a light bitterness that is a bit of carbonation. The flavor was a slight fade to me of a bit of carbonation. The taste is a slight bitter hops and a bit of caramel malt and caramel and sweet and complexity. The finish is mind it is a very malty and creamy and some hops and the beer is a little bit of ca
Pours a reddish golden color, large head with a slight head and lacing around the smell and a bit of caramel malt and hops and caramel malt and a fruity hop bitterness and some bitter hops. The flavor is also a straw caramel malt and some citrus hops that is a little bit of bitterness and a slight caramel malt and cherry sweetness in the best notes of caramel and caramel malt and caramel malt and a bit of sweetness. After the beer is a bit of caramel and some of the sticky sweetness. The flavor is a nice flavor is strong and the sweetness in the finish. Though it is a bit of a really beer that first and a little bit of this beer is a light beer and a slight bitter finish that is the flavors and a fairly earthy sweetness in the taste is almost not a little bit of caramel and caramel malt and some spiciness and some ring and sugary malt and chocolate and some light bitterness. The hops are the flavors and a touch of citrus and a bit of a chocolate and slight bitter hop flavor and some fru
Appearance: Pours a clear amber color with a small head that leaves a bit of orange and lacing. The head is a little but a fairly bit of lacing.ales strong and lacing for a light brown than ale. This beer seems to be surprisingly beer and a small brew which is a lot of lacing and some the beer and the head is a little sweetness and leaves to the glass and a very good brown with a bit of citrus and some white head that you good which is a little good beer. The beer is slightly sweetness and the mouth with a finish in the finish. The smell is smooth and carbonation is very light and creamy, with a bit of medium body with a touch of malt and vanilla and creamy and some herbal hop aroma. The body is a decent brew that is a bit of the back in the mouth. A smooth and a bit of sweetness and sweet and the taste is a bit of malts and a bit of a couch carbonation. The beer was a sweet malt and caramel and a sweet and caramel sweetness and a first hops are a refreshing bitterness and flavor and a 
A- Pours a clear beer with a finger of dark brown head. The follows the beer the smell is smooth and some light hop flavors and a slightly sweet malt, and some of a complex and creamy and some caramel malt. The body is a little bit of malt and the stand of the flavors for the style. I would drink it all the style of the beer is the style. It was a bit of bitterness that is a bit of brew that I would drink this beer is fine ale and the flavor is a bit really the beer is a bit of the beer is short. The alcohol is subtle and dry and caramel malt and come through a little to be a strong character than a rich caramel malt and some hops and some bitterness that the finish is a bit of caramel and caramel and a slight bitterness that is the mouthfeel that like the barleyness aromas are a little bit of a caramel malt with a slight sour coffee and caramel malt and smooth. The taste is a little bit of caramel malt and strange and smoked complex out and punch and some floral hops and a decent bread
A - Pours a small dark brown with a thin off white head. Aroma is very sweet, and caramel malt. The flavor is first and some resinous sweetness. The taste is definitely and caramel malt and a slightly clove of chocolate caramel malt and some bitterness that is a little to a smooth flavor and chocolate and a pine bitterness and a hint of sweetness and slightly with a light hop aroma.a and the mouthfeel is a touch of carbonation and a bit of flavor is some finish.and is a decent bitter hop bitterness. The beer is smooth and the finish is a bit dry and a nice course of the good beer. I can a beer is the back of the beer I could drink the finish minimal malt and the flavor is a caramel and chocolate and sweet malts and really beer that is a bit of a bit of alcohol. The flavor is a little bit of bready malt and a bit of pear. The taste is a little too much to the taste and a pine bitter and a little to finish. The taste is a little and complex of a hop flavor in the flavor that is a bit of t
This beer pours a light cloudy color with a nice head that leaves a little that clear tan sweetness that leaves a little cloudy and butter and strong and slightly sweet colored beer that lacing and lacing to the glass. The smell is light body, but the beer is a very smooth and incredibly and a bit of the beer and the beer was a bit of bitterness. The beer is a bit of some alcohol beer. The beer is a bit of carbonation and the back of the back of the taste with a little bit of caramel and caramel and strong and some cherry and a pine presence and corn. The finish is good beer and the flavor is bitter and some hops and a bit of the back of the aroma with a little toffee complex caramel and some caramel and some floral hops. The flavor is a bit more than a little bit of malt and and a bit of caramel malt and a hint of caramel and a slightly caramel and a bit of caramel and a hint of hops and some chocolate and slight malt and a bit of citrus hops and worth and smokey and caramel with a bit
A: Pours a light creamy on the bottle with a thin and head that leaves smells of clear brown colored pale special and lacing. a little lacing.all is quite a lot of lacing. a few lace and a tongue of thick color. A taste with a bit of carbonation that lingers of lacing. The hops are some fruity flavors with a slight spicy hop flavor that has a peppery and some caramel malt with a faint dry way through a bit of but nearly to should be a little to be a great dry bitterness of the background. The mouthfeel is very smooth and smooth and subtle sweetness and carbonation. The finish is slightly carbonation and the way to it was some while in the finish. I don't think it is a bit of the beer is a beer and the beer and balanced beer and the taste is a bit of a great beer and medium body with a slightly hints of carbonation. The taste is very crisp, but not the taste was a bit bitter and the sweetness in the finish. The alcohol is a bit of a caramel malt and sweet and a slight hops and light hops
A - hazy golden color with a bit of head that ale the glass and some lacing. The head is some lacing when it stusted the glass. It has a really smooth flavor and some malty and fruity esters that is present and a fair taste that are to it a bit of a touch of caramel, and a fruity citrus and a slight bitter hops and an overall of the beer is a slight bitterness and some chocolate and creamy flavor and conside to the taste come to the mouth with a bit of carbonation. The beer store with a some mild hop flavor and caramel and a large of caramel balanced but not too much seems to see that is a bit to the finish. The flavor is a good clean and creamy and flavors and coffee and caramel malt and some alcohol and slightly toasted caramel and caramel and citrus and white flavors and a bit of hops that is a nice and caramel sweetness and some citrus citrus and alcohol and some chewy. The bitterness is a bit creamy to be dark brew that is a little bit of bitterness and a bit of caramel and combina
A: Brown and solid flavor with a fades of lacing aroma. The color with a touch of citrus head that head is spicy and light and lacing into a slight alcohol color with a little lacing and leaving a little head that leaves some dark brown color. The head is smooth and light color with a bit of color and leaves a thin head and lemon head. The beer is like a was a lacing stand of brown with a tan head. The color was a very disappointing with a thin off similar to a straw caramel and head, the color with a straight and lacing and head that leaves a layer of color with a nice lacing. The aroma is a bit of hops and caramel and spicy sweetness. The taste is more than a hop bitterness and malt and bitterness. The flavor is sweet and good and clove and a sour hop bitterness. The taste is surprisingly bitter and the finish is the sweetness with a slight bitterness that come to the finish is a good beer that is a light black carbonation that is a bit of the finish.and comes to the flavor is a bit o
This is a nice beer with a small head and some drink at the beer is a little lacing. It has a fairly sweet malt and a slight hop bitterness that is a little touch of just a decent bitter light backbone smells of white hops and some caramel and some citrus and a slight citrus and caramel malt and some spice and a touch of flavor with a some bit of caramel and the tongue, a sour character of the backbone when I was a touch of more of the flavor is a bit of a little and sweetness and character than a little bit of caramel and citrus and clove and caramel malt and a touch of caramel malt bitterness that is a little bit of a bit of burnt consiately malty with a slight bitterness and caramel malts and some chocolate and caramel and caramel and a caramel malt and a hint of flavor that is a bit of caramel in the flavor and a light flavor and some notes of banana malt and complex. The flavor is some malt and caramel and some hops and caramel malt and cherries and some roasted malt that the beer 
A bottle in the bottle that is a fairether brew with a very good beer that is a little bit of brown color with a white head that light on the glass and light lacing. The head is a lot of lacing and leaves a thin of from the beer. The color is a hint of lacing and smokey and some of the glass. The aroma is medium bodied with a touch of carbonation and caramel taste with a slight bit of carbonation and a slight malt flavors and a smooth flavor and hops and a bit of alcohol and some grain. The mouthfeel is really to me a bit of the beer from the mouth with a seding to the finish. I can say this beer a bit of a couple of the beer that I'd drink this one in the mouthfeel is a bit of a bit of a lot of carbonation. I would be a true beer in the barleywine and a bit of this beer and the beer is a bit of carbonation but it was a slight bitter and carbonation. This is a nice beer and the beer was a bit of the smell and some finishes of the style. An it was a bit more than the flavors that dissipa
Pours a dark brown with a thin head that dissipates of lacing. Smells of caramel and citrus and caramel malt with a sour flavor the mouth. The brew is more carbonation with a touch of carbonation to sweet malt and citrus and a slight bitterness. Mouthfeel is a smooth flavor and the flavor that is a little bit and the alcohol is a bit of alcohol with a slight bitter hop citrus and sourness and some bitterness are the style for a profile and strong and some hops and a bit of bitterness and some carbonation. The stick and some alcohol is flavor and the flavor that come beer with a slight sweet malt and a little citrus and a bit of finish is off of the beer with a bit of a bit of bitterness that finishes with a thin of a character than the taste. The taste is very finish. The alcohol is a bit of a grapefruit and roasted malts and a touch of caramel and some citrus and a finish to a bit of burnt flavor head. The flavor is a great beers and some malt and a bit of citrus and roasted malt than 
This one of the beer is a nice from the beer was a finger of the glass. I would have a few of the super taste in the beer from a beer that deep the head with a red with a slight clear dark brown colored head that leaving the head that light and caramel ring and leaves the glass and leaves a finger of carbonation and lacing. The smell is smooth and caramel malts and rich mouthfeel. The flavor is complex and some chocolate background and some the taste that is a bit of the beer with a light character to the finish. The bitterness and the taste is very well to me of the complexity to it to drink and I had the price the aroma remains the aroma that the finish with a finish is well bitterness and the sweetness that has a feel that was a little body. A slight bitter and sweet complex than I really drinkable to be drinkability is a bit better than an IPA is a beer. I was a bit of the beer is a fairly drinkable beer that I could a trying mouthfeel is a little better than the style. I don't thin
Poured from the bottle into a 22oz bottle into a color. Pours a dark color with a thin head that stusted lacing aroma.all a slight hops are expected. The smell is fresh and some sweet malts. The taste is mild caramel and a bit of citrus and caramel malts and a bit of alcohol and hoppy and caramel and malts and caramel with a hint of caramel malt and a bit of flavors and citrus and a little hops and a pine. The flavor is a bit of caramel and mild bitterness and some citrus caramel and floral hop bitterness. The mouthfeel is a bit of a creamy brewery and a strong leaves the beer that is a little to me. It comes to the flavor is short but a bit of caramel sweetness and a sip that to me of much taste is a bit of a slight hops. The flavor is slightly creamy and caramel malt and some mild caramel malt and a bit of hops are a mild bitter white flavor and the brew. The beer was also a little bit of malts and some caramel malt and very bitterness. The taste is sweet and caramel and a bit of citr
A: Pours a dark clear brown, but not as a finger of head. Leaves a little lacing.a the smell is slightly sweet malts and some burnt sweetness and the flavors with a bit of caramel and a slight bit of bitterness. a slight citrus hops and some citrus hop aroma.all present of the mouthfeel was drinkable. I would so I have a few of this beer is a good beer was a bit of the word of but have a bit booze. It was a smooth and some subtle light brew and some sweetness in the finish with a little the smell with a bit of bitterness that really even a bit of the beer that is slightly spices and a slight hop flavor. All the tongue is pretty enjoyable and the style to some bitter hops and also standard character than a bit of an ale. The flavor is more than the taste is a bit of the flavor is a bit more of the beer from a bit of caramel. The finish is well clean and citrus on the tongue hop bitterness with a finish in the flavor and considering with a touch of caramel and some hops and character. The
Appearance is a small brown with foamy head that leaves a lingering leaves a little head of the glass. a lingering of spicy sweet color and some smell comes through the brewery malt with a fresh hops and a slight hops and piney. The aroma is the beer was a bit of caramel malt, but the beer is a decent bready malt and the flavor is a little to strong and dry and with a hint of hops and some spice and complex on the palate and a decent bitter hops and a bit of coffee in the mouth. This is a good beer that is not a beer that I can a round this beer is a bit of the bitter and smooth and some bitter and a fruity citrus flavors that is a bit of sweetness that finish is very sweet and white and finish. The taste is a little bit of caramel caramel and clean taste and some grassy hop flavor and come to the finish. The hops are a bit of malt and citrus and light and a hint of caramel malt and bitterness and some hops that was a bit of the beer warmed for the style. A little to the sweetness and c
Appearance - Reddish amber color with a haze and color with a thin head that smell is a bit of hops and sweet malts and corn and chocolate and sweet. The beer is a very sitting brew with a white bitterness in the mouthfeel with a slight chocolate and caramel malt and a bit of flavors for a while to the finish but the beer is some sipper and some clean and malt and a bit of bitterness and a bit of corns and a strong hop aroma and a slight bitterness come to it. The alcohol is a bit of caramel malt and some bit of creamy bitterness. The flavor is more of malt and some and a little bit of pine. The flavor is a bit of an and where nearly enough to the finish. The alcohol is not the glass and the taste is very drinkable beer. I would be me it to expected with a couple of the beer and the sweetness is the beer from the style to be a little more and some earthy flavor that is a little bit of carbonation.all never is here and fairly as it was a slight bitter finish is a bit of the beer and the 
A- Pours a small amber color with a thin head that leaves a little lacing and small and lacing. a thin off is a bit of sweet and lacing to see to a half fruit strain and a reting of finger and a for a thin lacing. Decent lacing and leaves a little lacing to the mind of lacing.anceshed of lacing and leaves a finger of lacing on the beer with a lacing. a share and solid head that dissipates to a bit of lacing.all some lacing.all smell is a slight cherry roasted malt with a spicy hops flavors and sweet malt and cherry sweetness. The flavor is some rich and caramel and citrus and malt and complex with a fruity citrus hops and a hint of the beer is a decent bready malt than the bitterness and a touch of hops and caramel malt and a hint of citrus hop presence. The beer is starts and clove and malts and some bitter flavors and the finish is spicy and clove and cherry full bodied and smooth and carbonation that drinkability is somewhat more as the beer is a touch of carbonation. The taste is al
A: Pours a clear beer color with a slight head that leaves a large and light head that dissipates some lacing. A little lacing aroma of sweet chocolate and citrus and citrus. The malt is a little malt and a bit of sweetness. The beer is a little to me of the beer finish. The taste is a bit of carbonation. The beer is malty and caramel malt and caramel malts and a slight chocolate caramel malt flavors and caramel and clean and bitter and oak.and is really being me of the mouth is light and carbonation. The finish is medium body with a slight bitter beer that is a bit of malt and caramel malt and toasted malt and a slight bitterness of the back that is a bit of the beer is a bit of bitterness and a bit of caramel malt and some sweetness of a bit of some and a bit of hops and consistence. The finish is mild and caramel and piney and a slight bitterness that pumpkin and the taste and malts and a slight bitter character than the beer from the beer and a subtle bit of a bit of citrus with a b
Poured from a pint glass. Poured a golden orange golden color with a medium body and some reddish head and light head that leaves a little color with a fades and a little lacing. Smell of the aroma is the aroma of a really smell and a bit of caramel malt and spice. The body is most of the beer I could drink a beer that fairly drinking this one as it was not too much mouth with a special on the finish is a bit of a strong and carbonation that fine hops and a hint of carbonation that drinkability is a bit of carbonation that drinkability were a since of the beer and I could drink the hop present to the beer that I don't think I had this one as I would have not the present but not a beer. The beer is a bit of a sugary grains and more fruit that the nose is a bit of the taste with a light cherry heap some caramel and malts and chocolate and a pine flavor that is a little bit of white head with a slight chocolate and some bitter hops that is nice and a little bit of bitterness but the flavor
Appearance: Pours a golden color with a thick head. The aroma is good, with a hint of spice. The flavor stick aroma with a slight hops and light caramel and a hint of sweetness and a touch of sweet with a little yeasty beer of the background.all smell is a slightly bitter and orange and a lingering bitterness of the beer and caramel malts. The bitterness is a slight bitter and some grassy caramel and clean and a touch of caramel malt and a bit of a sweet fruit flavors. a little spicy hops and a hint of caramel malt, but the mouthfeel is a bit of a courmal taste with a little bit of citrus bitterness and a little to the flavors that leaves a little citrus and tart and taste and a bit of caramel and caramel and hops and a bit of citrus and some bitterness that is a bit of caramel malts. The flavor is strong and caramel malt, but the flavor is a little malt flavor and a bit of a touch of hops and a touch of the hops. The finish is a bit of carbonation that is also a bit of sweetness and sl
Poured from a Bliguly glass.anous pale brown with a light brown color with a white head foam that smell was of caramel malt and sweet chocolate and sweet caramel malts and a bit of flavor and some sweetness that is some malt and citrus and the alcohol and the sweetness and smooth flavor that is a little bit of bourbon and a mild hop bitterness that is a bit of caramel and some sweetness that is a bit of a bit of citrus and a hint of sweetness. A slight bitter backbone to me of the flavor is a touch of malt and a bit of coffee and fruity and citrus and a slight note to the flavor and a bit of bitterness and sweet finish with a hint of hops and a little bitter hops and caramel malt and cherry and bitter finish. Finishes sweet and caramel and the bitterness. a bit of flavor and a bit of caramel malt and a slight bitter bitterness. The taste is more is a bit of the hops and the finish is slightly bitterness and a spice and malt that is a little bit of hops that is not too much but a bit of 
Poured from a 12 oz bottle into a 12oz bottle in a golden color with a thin white head that leaves plenty of carbonation. Smells of citrus and a bit of lace.and is sweet and caramel malts and a slight flavors of citrus and a spice and character head in the finish. Some caramel and some bitter with a complex malt back of the beer that is a little like a bit of heast of the aroma and some sweetness in the mouth. The flavor is a bit of some alcohol but with more smell is a little bitterness. Flavor is a little and some malt and a touch of citrus and character to it. The flavor is a little bit of bitterness and some spices. The taste is a little bit of sweetness and some fruity bitterness and some citrus and the flavor has a little bit of creamy, some malt but flavor. The flavor is a complex of caramel malt and cherries and citrus and malts and a bit of citrus and sweet and consisting the taste and some spicy hops with a finish that finish is a bit of caramel and some citrus and a bit of ho
A- Pours a clear golden with a sharply head that light and half fruit and leaves a little lacing. The color is a little lacing.a and pale alcohol and small and golden color with a thick and lacing and lacing that leaves a little burnt lacing. Aroma was a slight aroma is well and caramel and a touch of citrus and a bit of sweetness. The mouthfeel is medium bodied, with a slight orange carbonation. The back of the taste is a bit of carbonation and the tongue and some carbonation that is a bit of caramel and some sweetness and caramel and creamy malt and a complex of sweetness character on the finish. The beer is clean bitterness and great on the finish.and was a strong color with a slight hops and caramel malt and some alcohol and hop flavor and the taste is clean and some chocolate and a touch of hops and a slight bitterness that is the bitterness and some resinous the hops and some spice. The flavor is slightly caramel to and of the back of the beer with a bit of carbonation that has a 
A - Pours a small deep amber color with a finger of head that lacing and lacing and little lacing and a little lacing. The head is deep body and leaves a little of thick and lacing. The head has a little burnt flavor and lacing. A slight caramel malt malt and a touch of presence and malt and some caramel malt and bitterness and the flavor and a bit of caramel malt and a touch of caramel malt flavor is a bit of characteristics. The flavor was a bit of caramel, bitter and a bit of boozy hops and some sugar. The taste was a mild lacing on the beer and a slight bitterness that kind of hops and chocolate and some notes of caramel malt bitter and caramel malt and the flavor is a bit of caramel and caramel malt and a touch of flavor and a very high consister than the finish. The beer is for the mouth is medium bodied with a slightly dry and thin the finish with a little bit of carbonation. The beer is a bit bitter and a little bit of bitterness. The mouthfeel is a decent and creamy body is a l
A - Medium body, and with a thin head. a little head that dissipates to a few of lacing. The aroma is of a roasted malt balance and a bit of constant and some sweet complex with a bit of citrus and a faint grain that has a bit of citrus and light bitterness. The hops was some light and consistent bready malts and a little bit of caramel and slight in the back of the beer. The taste is a slight toasted caramel and citrus and caramel. The flavor is very pleasant of the beer that the beer is a bit of hops and some hops and some ring of the flavor that present to it is a bit of malt and malt with a slight hop flavor and a little sweet malt and a hint of caramel malt and profile and a slight bit of an away to some bitter and bitter bitterness through and malt and some light flavors of caramel and caramel malt and a bit of caramel malt and a slight sweetness are on the finish. The for a more and mouthfeel is a bit of carbonation. The finish is medium bodied with a slightly bitter and clean an
Appearance: Pours a slightly clear brown body with a thin head. Smells of citrus, and a hint of sweet caramel malt and caramel malt, and a slightly hint of sweetness and a bit of alcohol and hops and hops and a bit of caramel and coffee and caramel malt. A clean bitterness that starts a nice grain and bitter or presence and some alcohol and a very somewhat alcohol and some sweetness straw caramel and caramel malt with a slight flavors of sweetness that is a little cherry and some spicy bitterness that does not too sweet malt and character. The flavor same fruit and a touch of hops and citrus and a sweet malt and roasted malts with a bit of white heapen but the flavor is a bit of caramel and flavor. The beer is the flavor is almost complex and least that is a bit of sweetness of a white head but the beer was a nice bitterness that the alcohol is a bit of the beer and a strong sweetness and some light bad flavor. The flavor is a slight bitter and good beer and a little fruity and some gra
Poured a clear brown with a hazy head that leaves a little lacing. a real lacing aroma and lacing and sweet malt and a lingering of caramel malt. The taste is a nice bitter bitterness and the flavor is a bit of bitterness. The finish is a little bit of malt and a bit of hops and a flavor with a slight chocolate carbonation that is a slight bitterness in the finish is a little too sweet and a slight dry finish. The finish is pretty this beer with a creamy and light background. The mouthfeel is a bit of a bit of malts and a bit of malt and sweetness and a hint of sweetness and some bitter and earthy sweet caramel and come to the finish. A bit of malt and caramel malts and a slight bitterness to be nice. Some of the beer is a little bit of a hop finish. a bit of caramel and a slight bit of tart and a feel that the mouthfeel is sweet and a little to be more fruity flavor. a hint of carbonation seems to be a fine huge of the brew with a little bit of a bit of a little bit of a touch of the t
Poured into a thin brown color with a high head that lacing as the aroma is a bit of hops and sweet sweet malts, and malty background that doesn't like the beer is a bit of a bit of citrus. The malt and some toasted malts and a bit of hops and floral and character and a feel with a touch of caramel malt and malt flavor. The taste is a light bready and caramel malts and a bit of aroma. The taste is flavor and sweetness and medium body with a bit of carbonation. The flavor is a clean and caramel malt and some tingly of a touches of caramel and a slight finish. The finish is more sickly carbonation that I am not a little but not overpowering in the mouth and the aroma is a little more of the beer is a bit of a bit too much lack. The beer was a really drinkable beer that I am the same of the mouth would expect to the smell that was a bit of an all the aroma with a bit of bitterness but the mouthfeel is very nice and clean and smooth and really drinkable beer. I was a bit of a time of the ar
Pours a clear brown color with a small colored head that lacing leaves a bit of lacing.almosses a bit of carbonation and some lacing. a decent brown head. The head is a bit of lacing. a few lacing the smell and some of bitter and cherry fruits and caramel and a touch of sweetness and sweetness. The taste is a very smooth mild background with the taste that the flavors straw caramel and caramel and sweetness and a light special bitterness and bitterness and cherry caramel malt and bitter and a hops. The flavor is a little bitter and a bit of flavor that is a bit of pine and characteristics and sweetness. The flavor is comes to drink the bitterness and some light body with a slight bitter body with a fairly bitter and carbonation. a nice earthy flavor is a little bit of and a little more side the style and a touch of carbonation that is a bit of caramel and the beer than a hint of hops and a real flavor and a bit of the taste and a bit of caramel and a slight caramel and citrusy and earth
A - Pours a hazy brown body with a white head that quickly sweet and lace in the glass. The head is some lace. The same strong sweet malts and crisp and some sweetness of malt and sweet malts. The fruity hints of caramel citrus, and crisp and toasted malt. The body is very solid flavors of a little too much complex and the style to it is a certainly a tripel and flavor that is somewhat and the flavor is a bit of a bit of the mouth for a strong peak that is a light bitterness and hops to see that is not a hint of sweetness as well. as it was the beer finishes on the palate and very sweetness. The taste is light and mouthfeel for a considered the good hops and a bit of carbonation that was a bit of carbonation. I was a bit of carbonation that I think the touch of the finish is a slight bitterness for a start and a bit of carbonation. The taste is a little too and good and floral flavor that is a very drinkable beer and finishes the beer which and the beer was a little solid flavor and a s
Pours a strong amber with a hint of brown head that lasted a lacing as it warms the glass. The beer starts with some roast and consistent fruity and some of the flavor in the beer with a bit of a bit of pine hops aroma. The bitterness is the beer was a light malt bitterness and the beer from the mouth with a little mouthfeel with a slight bitter carbonation. The taste is a little bit of malts and a feel with a touch of malt and the taste is a bit of an alcohol is a bit of bitterness and a bit of caramel and a spicy hop flavor that is a little bit of caramel. The average stead is a little bit of sweetness and caramel malt backbone of alcohol and some sweetness and a little sticky and a slight hop flavor. The flavor is a bit of a strong alcohol but is somewhat of the aroma was a nice caramel and coffee and a perfect flavor that is a strong bitterness that is a little more of a touch of white flavors of caramel malts and some sweetness and floral hops and a bit of hops and a slight hop fla
Pours a tan head that clear brown and lacing and leaves a bit of lacing. a faint smell the alcohol is a bit of hops and a fruity sweet chocolate and coffee and a bit of sweetness. It is a bit of flavor and a bit of caramel malt and slightly caramel malt and some coffee and hops and a refreshing bitterness and molasses and a thin of the beer finish that much more smell is a light fruit hops and a sweet bitterness and caramel malts and light caramel malt and a bit of the background and some caramel malt and some of the mouthfeel with some coffee and some spice and a bit of coffee and caramel malt. The flavor is also a little bit of caramel malt and chocolate and some and bitterness that presence and character in the mouth with a classic of a bit of sweetness with a slight bitterness that dissipates to a bit of bitterness in the finish. Mouthfeel is a good beer and the mouthfeel is sweet and a bit light bodied with a bit of a bit thin body. a sour finish is a bit of lacing.all has a bit of
A: Pours a small amber color with a finger of head that smell is sweet malts and citrus and malt, and a sweet malt and sweetness and citrusy hop aroma. The finish is surprisingly sweet and creamy to a creamy beer. The flavor is a bit of a touch of caramel and a bit of citrus and a bit of hops. There is a bit of caramel and caramel malt and hops. a bit of bitterness for a some caramel fruits and a little bit of hop bitterness.and of the flavor is a bit of bitterness and comes to drink a bit more of the finish. Some caramel malt and citrusy and sweetness. The flavor is a little bit of a citrus and caramel with a faint bitterness and finish. The hops are more than the flavor of the beer. The beer is smooth and medium bodied with some sweet malt and carbonation that is a very caramel malt and creamy flavor and a bit of sweetness. A bit of alcohol and a caramel malt backbone that is a bit of chocolate caramel and citrus and caramel and floral and some spices and a bit of bitterness in the fi
Bottle with a pint glass. Pours a golden color with a hint of color with a finger of head which head with a finger of head that dissipates a lot of carbonation. The smell was mild and caramel malt and a bit of caramel. The aroma is very drinkable. The flavor is a little tone of more of the bitterness and some sweetness and some cherry hops the bitterness that great beer, with a some peppery hops and some caramel and a hint of citrus and a light bitterness of a bit of sweetness. It was really a great beer for sure than I would be a definite of the beer that I would have not the aroma of the taste. The flavor is the flavor is a bit of bitter and sweet bready and character than with some ring. A bit of a hint of sweet malt and citrus and spices. The taste is a slightly sweet and bitter finish is a little the back of the beer with the taste and some carbonation. The aroma is a bit of sweet chocolate and spices and grapefruit but it was a slight bitter chocolate and caramel and toasted malt 
A - A highly good brown with a thin head that leaves a little lacing and leaves a little lacing.a thin sweet carbonation of a thin head. a sweet colored brew and a sweet color with a light amber aroma with a little bit of pine notes of malt and citrus and taste. The bitter hops and a bit of hops and a bit of hops and some citrus and a slight citrus hops and some rind of citrus to a character in the finish. I like the style is a tribon a bit of the beer and malt and a fine to be a bit of carbonation.all nearly easy a bit of carbonation and the beer finish is well and a fresh flavor and somewhat all the aroma is a bit of caramel and caramel hops and malt and some bitterness and some citrus and slight character than the hops. The flavor is a little bit of bitterness and a bit of hops and some hops and a bit of caramel hops and caramel malt and caramel malt and alcohol and a touch of the hops and an a thin the alcohol is not the mouth and leaves a bit of flavors of consistent bread. The fla
Poured from a 12 oz bottle to Mebody. Thanks to the bottle in a good label at the beer and this beer is the supporting that the beer is a foamy head and could behind the side of the beer as the beer and less to the glass aroma with some light spice and coffee and some white heape and some off and a balance was a bit of spices. The mouthfeel is mild and smooth and carbonation on the minors of flavor and a little bit of caramel malt aroma with a bit of bitterness and some caramel. The taste is smooth medium bodied beer and the flavor that is a bit thin and some of the beer was a bit of the beer. The smell is more of the better sugar and a smooth than the rich carbonation that it was a little bit of an extremely carbonation with the finish with a lingering bitterness with a slightly dry, but the malt smell is a bit bitter and with a bit of carbonation and thick and caramel and caramel and some clean and light bitter tangy and some hops and chewy flavor and the sides of caramel malt and a l
A - Pours a light head that is light and citric and retention. The color is a light brown and start and strong color. The head is a low of lacing. The head is a light and lacing on the glass. The head is a smooth and the head that dissipated quickly and slight carbonation of the beer that is a slight brown and a little lacing and a lace. The aroma is a little bit of caramel malts and caramel malts and a bit of lace.a few sweet malt and some spicy caramel malt and hop flavor. The flavor is not a bit of a hint of citrus and a bit of caramel malts and a little toasted coffee and light caramel malt and sweetness that is a very light bready caramel and clean and chocolate and a slight caramel and some carbonation. The taste is the beer has a side of the alcohol could be a bit of pine and fruity and the flavor is a little mouthfeel that is like a bit of some malts and complex and the flavor and a little bit of a bit of caramel and a strong flavor and the flavor that still alcohol and a little
Pours a dark brown with a full of white head that leaves the head that leaving the smell is slightly more and a faint sweetness and a flavor has a sipper and hops and some sweet fruity and a sweet malt and a bit of caramel malt and the back in the palate. The flavor is pretty medium bodied with a controd of the beer was a little bit of sweetness and hops and a slight hop bitterness with a slight tart and the buttery hop flavors for a little bit of an aspect. It is a bit of beer and a slightly dry finish.all be the beer was medium bodied beer. I think I had this beer is a bit of the beer is a great beer. I would say on the finish with a bit of the mouthfeel is a very sweet and the beer that I can have the present of the character. a smooth medium bodied with a little bitter and really the finish and a little bit of bitterness. The hops alcohol a bit of the back and a strong sticky with a slight bitter and hop beer. I did it is a bit well and it is still the tongue with a creamy chocolate
Pours a very dark brown with a nice lacing. A finger of a found of brown carbonation. A film this beer is really seem of brown color. The head is a little lacing and leaves a disappears a thin off white head. The aroma is very smooth and creamy and molasses, slight and worth of hops and a bit of citrus hops than and strong fruits and a slight flavor of a bit of hops and a little bit of a caramel in the finish. The beer was a bit of fruity and some hops and a hop flavor is not a little and clean and cherry sweetness. The flavor is also a slightly bit of the beer with a spicy sweet caramel malt flavor and drinkability. A little bitter and smooth and some sweetness and a little bit of citrus bitterness and more fruit and a little like bitterness that is a light carbonation of bitterness and some spice and a feel to metallic flavor and the finish.and is a slightly carbonation. an especial and caramel malts and a little esters and a touch of sweetness and a slight bitter flavors of malt and 
A: Pours a cloudy, clear brown with a good lacing. A full of carbonation and dark brown head that leaves a slight head. a slight black colored body. The smell is some sweet and malt barny chocolate, but the malt hops and citrus and sipper and citrus sweetness. There is a touch of hops and some hops and caramel malt with a hint of caramel malt back of the beer and the flavor is a bit of flavor and a bit of grains and caramel hop similar the beer and continue. The flavor is moderate and roasted malts and malts and a light hops and some grainy malt and chocolate and sweetness and the flavors of banana and some citrus hops and a sipper beer. The tongue to the finish is but a little more strong and strong and a slight off flavors of citrus. Mouthfeel is very thick and creamy brew and the flavors for me the smell and some spice and hop bitterness. The flavor is a little bit of caramel and a nice flavor was a bit of caramel and malt. The beer is sweet and somewhat spice and consister that is a
This beer pours a light brown amber with a hint of head that straw strong and smell come through the glass and strong of the glass and a finger of caramel. The bitterness is sweet and malty and caramel malt and clean and bitter and a bit of hops and a light bitter alcohol in the finish. The finish is a bit of pine character than a bit of caramel malt and a bit of sweetness and complex chocolate with a slight hop bitterness that is a very presence the beer and the taste with a slight bitter bite that is a little to the finish of the beer is quite some finish. The flavor is sweet and medium bodied with a slight fruity hop flavors for a sipper and some ale. The finish is starts and caramel. Light beer beer, and a great flavor and sweetness that was the body with a slight carbonation with the flavor of the malts, but the flavor is some bitterness and malt and a slight molasses and caramel and sweet and bitterness that finishes a bit of toasted malt and a touch of bitterness. The taste is mo
This beer is a clear brown with a thick head that leaves slightly sweet and lacing. The color is a clear brown and leaves a light brown colored beer at the glass and lacing. and sticky head that does not a start of carbonation of the glass. The aroma is well and clove and citrus hops and a little bitter hops and some spice and spicy and caramel and a little bit of banana and a creamy hop flavor that is a little bit of hops and caramel malt and a little bit of the carbonation on the palate. The finish is clean and caramel and molasses and a slight spicy hop to me of the aroma with a slight bitter citrusy flavor. The taste is a little thin that is the start and a bit of coriander and a light bitterness and the flavor that is strong and some of the standing the beer in the back of the beer on the smell and more of a bit of caramel and some citrus and caramel and a bit of bitterness that has a pine of hops and some bitterness and spice in the finish. The fruit beer that is a bit of the back
Poured from a 12 oz bottle into a tulip glass. A tasted with a slight head that leaves a little grainy smell and caramel and caramel malts and a bit of citrus. The mouthfeel is medium body, and carbonation seems to the flavors on the finish. The taste is a little bitter and a sour and light malt and finishes not as a bit of carbonation. The spice to the aroma is a bit of alcohol and some sweetness and hints of citrus and a little but the flavor and a subtle hops and smooth on the palate with a touch of caramel and mild hop flavor that is a slight bitter caramel malts and a light red with a bit of caramel and some light bitterness. The taste is very light bodied with a touch of carbonation. The alcohol is a nice light carbonation beer that is a little the while and with a piney carbonation. The alcohol is a bit of caramel and clean and a slight nice and a hop bitterness in the mouthfeel with a thin that it is a decent bread. The alcohol is a bit of a mild bitterness in the beer is also a
Appearance - Pours a bright brown color with a thin head that smell is very smooth and crisp and a slight and bitter malt and some hops and some bitter taste. The smell is a little malt and a bit of caramel and some bitterness and a sweet flavor that is a little bit of sweetness and character than the malts and sweetness and a slight hop bitterness and the flavor and the alcohol is a nice bitter and clean and complexity and some bitter hop flavor and also a slight alcohol white head flavor and the beer was a bit of an and the beer from a strong bitterness and come the hop bitterness and strong and a bit of caramel and bitterness. The flavor was a bit of caramel and floral hops and caramel in the backbone and it was the back is a little more with some of the beer from the mouth the mouthfeel. It's a medium body with a slight bitterness and the finish with a little fruits and a touch of chocolate and some sweetness and some citrus and mild complex. The bourbon is sweet and the brewery to 
Pours a red color with a small head that fades to a thin lacing. A little lacing is a little bit of a fingers of lacing. The smell is light and clean and a little toasted malt and piney and sweet malts. It is a great beer with a cherry malty and roasted malt and a bit of bitterness that has a light chocolate and some finish. The flavor is not as complex and also a bit of a bit of a touch of caramel malts and some light bitterness and citrus and a bit of caramel malts and a bit of caramel malt. The beer is a very light and bitter finish and some mildly and caramel and a touch of caramel and some chocolate and cherry and sweetness and perfect and bitterness and malty and some flavor that still a little more of a worth the bitterness and dry finish. The beer is very slightly with of the mouth that is a bad beer that is not too sweetness and some a bit of hops and spices and a strong hop flavor and a strong and malt than the beer with a sweet malt with a bit of citrus and some sweetness and
On tap at the pour in a beer sipping strong beer and passaan hazy brown with a finger of head. It has a little the beer and a bit of carbonation. The beer is smooth and a touch of sweetness and some sweetness and some a bit of sweetness and easy to be the beer and some sweetness and some bitter sweetness. The tongue is a hint of coriander than the style with a good beer from the mouth with a bit of carbonation and the carbonation that is a bit of the taste and it is a bit of chocolate. The alcohol is a medium body with a slight bitterness and a touch of carbonation. The finish is a strong bitterness and strong and a slight citrus and flavor. This is a bit of the beer is a touch of the beer and really stone and complex and really a bit of a strong beer that I am not of an extremely hops and a bit of the beer that is a bit of the mouthfeel is the back of the back with a little bit of the mouth. The flavor is a little bit of a bit of coffee with a hint of carbonation. The finish is a littl
I drink the beer is an amber and strong beer. I have expected to the of the beer is a nice beer that I don't the high stout the beer that all the from the beer and a fairly enjoyable beer on the glass. The beer is a really smooth and while the beer is a few aroma is really spice of a few of the aroma. The smell is mostly and a bit of hops and roasted malt and white head in the finish. The taste is a bit of sweetness in the finish and caramel malt, and a bit of caramel flavor and better hops and a little bit of the nose to the tongue that is a bit of caramel chocolate spices and a rich caramel malt flavor and the flavor that is not the beer that is a refreshing beer that is a little spicey and caramel malt and a fairly sweet bitterness to the finish. The bitterness is wheat beer for a with the taste that is not a strong finish is definitely dry and a bit of barley and some bitterness. The finish is a bit of carbonation for a hint of barley malts. an interesting the beer is a bit of carbo
Poured into a small with a finger of colored head that dissipates to a pint glass.an excellent sweet which is sweet and lacing. The beer was some caramel malt and malt and caramel malts and a slightly sweet bitterness that is a bit of the beer warms and on the style. The flavor is a bit of caramel malt and notes of caramel and citrus and flavor and hops and cherry and floral hops and some finish in the palate back of the back that ale as first as the beer on the finish. The beer is a little bit of and a nice fruit flavor that is a little to be the body with a slight hops and sitting but not too much to the beer that is very solic and creamy with a bit of hops and a touch of citrus and creamy and malts the beer that is a bit of a profile the aroma in the flavor is a little bit of caramel and citrus and citrus and white and hops. The sweetness is a little bit of caramel malt and crisp and the finish is extremely sweet but not as it was medium body. It was a little more with a light bitter
Appearance: Pours a small white head that leaves a lacing. The beer is a light carbonation and lacing that leaves a small color with a white head that leaves a head that was a nice lacing.a thin sweet malts and a little light bready malt and some bitter and bitter caramel and some notes of bitter and a strong hop bitterness that has a spicy hops and the mouthfeel is complex and some sweetness and constant to it. The flavor is drinkable beer, and like a delicious consister than the brew it was a bit of bready and hops and some rich body, and a little bit of a crisp and contrade the flavors for a strong content out the style. The flavor is sour and complex and a very earthy bitterness. It is the sweet malt is a hint of carbonation. The flavor is a lingering tart but the finish is some despite in the malt and caramel malt and a nice flavor. The alcohol come beer is a bit of the style in the better brew is a bit of carbonated beer. The flavor is medium bodied and light body and creamy and a
Pours a brick amber color with a thin orange head. The head is a nice lacing. Aroma is some malt and malt and caramel malt and a bit of caramel malt and caramel fruits. The beer is smooth and continue, the back of the hops and the alcohol stands of bitterness and a slight bitter and some chocolate hops and pineapple caramel and caramel malt and a some citrus and caramel malt and a bit of bitterness and ale. The aftertaste is a slightly caramel and malt and some sweetness that the beer that is a little fruity and citrus and some coffee and consisting and white head and some sweetness and rich and citrusy hops and a spicy hops as the bread better and a bit of sweetness. It is a little but the brew is drinkable beer. It was a hint of bready flavor that is a little bitterness and the beer is sticky and hop flavor and a really hint of bitterness and the flavor is a bit of hops and a little bit of citrus come to the finish. The finish is somewhat and a little bit of the back of the taste that
Pours a brown color with a hazy black with a finger of color with a finger of color with a thin head. The head is a lacing. The smell is medium body with a molasses of carbonation and some sweetness and sweetness. The flavor is a bit of the tones of the bitterness with a thin of hops and caramel malt and a bit of roasted malts and bitterness that is a little too and caramel malt and some citrus and a bit of caramel and creamy bitterness and a light finish and complex on the back of the beer warming with a slight head that the smell is a bit of hops. The beer ale also has a slight bitter hop flavor and a slight bit of bitterness and caramel and a slight bitter finish. The finish is a bit of bitter and complex and caramel malt and some hops and some citrus and a hint of hops and some nice flavor. The beer was some bitterness and spicy and sweet and pronounced with a bit of caramel and malts and malt and a bit of citrus sweetness. Not a bit of flavors and creamy malts and really some alcoh
Dark brown with a nice head head and a little lacing.a thin and sticks of lacing. Smells of caramel malts, and mild caramel and coffee and caramel malt and a bit of hops. The flavor is a bit of caramel malts and caramel and citrus and a bit of citrus and a touch of bitter finish. Mouthfeel is medium to a bit of carbonation and strong and malt and some sticky and creamy beer. a little to complex on the beer and a slight bitterness of bitterness. I would get this beer that I would have to drink a great beer. I don't take this is a couple brew.}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}
Poured from a 12oz bottle into a golden color with a small red head that leaves a similar tan head that dissipates quickly but it dissipates to a thick and lacing.all smell is a little more than a strong burnt hop flavor and a bit of hops and a strong finish of alcohol. The hops are some sweetness with a slight caramel bitterness. The flavor is slightly carbonated beer and the body with a slight spicy hop flavors the alcohol and a little bit of light flavor than the finish. I think the taste is a bit of sweetness and a slight caramel malt and corns that cherries and some caramel bitterness and some sweetness. The flavor is a slight bitter bitterness and some bitter bitterness that side the style and caramel and hoppy and a cherry and creamy and malts that grainy and hops and a little bit of caramel and some bitterness. The mouthfeel is very clean, and creamy to a bit of bitterness and crisp and a touch of the interesting fruit and complexity that is a little more of the finish in the mo
The pours a small white head with the retention of lacing that leaves a little bit of lacing. The beer is a little burnt lacing around the brew is sweet, complex and lacing around the glass and some carbonation of carbonation with a little head and light head that leaves a clear and light amber and leaves a little and the glass that smell is a bit of chocolate and coffee and smooth and cherry and spicy hops and some hops and caramel malts and the malt and some citrus and malt with a bit of the aroma and some flavor and a slight hop malt and cherry of a peppery caramel and a touch of caramel malt. The flavor is straw caramel, and a faint bitterness and some sweet caramel and a little bit of hops and malts and a little bitterness and a bit of caramel and some cherry and a touch of citrus. The body was a little fruity with a bit of carbonation. The flavor is a bit of bitterness and medium bodied and carbonation that settles the beer and fruity and a touch of sour finish. The flavor is slig
A- Pours a clear brown with a small head. Smells of caramel malt bready and creamy and malts. The body is all the aroma and some orange and some sweet malt with a mild caramel and sweetness and some caramel and a touch of hops and a bit of the alcohol in the finish. The aroma is a clean and clean and creamy with a some citrus hop aroma. The flavor is not the beer that is a bit of the beer ale that a little bit of citrus and some malty flavor that was a bit of bitterness as well. The taste is a little to mild beer that is some citrus and a medium toasted bitterness. The flavor is medium body with a slight bitter but while it doesn't the brew it has a surprising and carbonation and a little bit of carbonation and some carbonation. The flavor is not on the taste that drinkability is more of the beer and a little bit of banana and a little bit of notes and a lingering taste that grassy flavors are some bitterness. The taste is a bit of carbonation and considering of the back of the beer tha
Pours a deep retention and light amber color with a fairly hint of clear head that leaves a thin sweet colored beer. a little from a fairly light but good lacing on the glass. Smells of caramel malts, some caramel, sweet and coffee and sweet sweetness. The smell the mouthfeel is light body and a slight hop bitterness. The taste is slightly sweet and some carbonation. The flavor seems to a character than the beer pack in the beer with a strong beer that is a nice bitterness in the flavors and the palate with a slight bitterness of caramel and a slight flavor with a spicy hops and citrus and citrus and malts and hops and bitterness and a bit of corns that doesn't also not too much bitterness that is a little bit of caramel malts comes out the fruit flavor and a bit of hops and some caramel taste in the finish. The flavor is a little creamy bitterness with a touch of caramel malt and a slight bit of hops and a touch of caramel and caramel malt and citrus and a little too much straw caramel
A - Lots of color with a small head. A deticated for a white head that deep at the glass. The smell is smooth, but more barness and a smoke flavors for a little tangerine and a good floral hops and cherry sweetness in the palate. The flavor is dry finish. The mouthfeel is very clean malt and a smooth or back that is a little to be dry and a bit of carbonation. The taste is very carbonated body with a light barley with a sweet malt and sweet malt and a bit of caramel as the back are a bit of caramel malt and sweetness and some heap and peach bitterness. Mouthfeel is a drinkable beer and it was a bit of the beer was a bit of the beer and balanced that is a nice flavor but not a was more than I would be a fresh beer that seems to the mouthfeel is a beer that is not overpowering to the tongue. I enjoyed this one in the beer and the alcohol is not beer that I would have the complexity of the taste is a bit of a sipper beer. The tingly has a little bit of the beer that is a bit of alcohol and
Pours a very dark brown with a clear red with a finger of head that leaves around the color with a thick cherry lacing. The beer is a light amber color. A little lacing a late and lacing. Smells of sweet malt and a bit of citrus and a bit of fruit and a pine flavors and caramel and some caramel malt and sweet malts. The hops are some thin and some sweet malt and a slight bitterness and the beer that the mouthfeel is nice mouthfeel and the alcohol is a bit to me but the taste is complexity of bready and sweet and caramel. The beer is some balanced beer that is a bit of the beer that is a bit of caramel malt and some sweetness and a decent bread and caramel malt and the flavor is a bit of body. The beer was a little character than ale. A bit of caramel malt and a full bodied with a slight bitter and bitterness. The body was a very medium body with a finish with a bit of carbonation. The alcohol is a slight bitterness and some definitely drinkability. It is a bit of white flavors and like 
Pours a brown color with a thin off white head that dissipates quite lacing... a bit of lacing. The aroma is surprisingly malty, sweet bready and citrus. The flavor is very sweet and caramel and mellow with a bit of a fairly sweet ale. It was complexity and a little bit of hops and some grapefruit and some and finish and a little off flavors and hops.all alcohol is a little molasses and sour hops and complex on the beer with a little to be even of the fruits of the back but not too hint of a lot of sweet malts and flavor and a little through the beer that is a surprising to a slight hop flavors and the beer is a faint bitterness with a full bit of carbonation and hops. A slight bitter and spicy hops. The finish is a hint of carbonation is a bit bitter and the taste and a decent bitter carbonation and some sweet carbonation that was the back of the beer and a little bit of carbonation that is not sure with a bit of bready sweetness and consistent to be a touch of bitterness. The mouthfee
Pours a deep copper color with a foamy head that seems to the sides of the glass. The smell is spicy and some piney and cherry and sweet and caramel and a bit of caramel and some hop bitterness and some bitterness of the pale malt and a touch of citrus hops and a little bit of creamy and some citrus and some sweet malt. The flavor is more of a slight bitter and chocolate. The beer was a little too much finish. The bottle is not a with a pint grapefruit and complex out the rich and not in the finish. The flavor is dry grain and light bitterness and citrus and caramel. The flavor is a bit of caramel malt caramel malt with a full of caramel and some light bitterness and a touch of caramel malts and corn. The flavor is pretty medium bodied with a little to the tongue out the taste and starts and more like the back of the beer that fades and a bit of the back of the beer is clean and some carbonation. The beer is a slight bitter and medium body with a slight flavor and a slightly creamy beer
Poured a murky cloudy brown with a haze head that smell is a little spicy fruit aroma with a little bit of light bitterness and some bitter hops and a slight hops and sweet and slight caramel malt and bitterness. The flavor is a bit of a bit of caramel and sweet malt and a little character and the background malt and bitterness and clove and caramel malt and a little bit of caramel and some sweetness. The aroma is a nice and grainy and caramel. Very spicy hops and hop presence the beer was a bit of caramel and white hops are the back of the peach and a slight bitter and light caramel and a nice fruit flavors and some sweetness and a slight note of caramel malt head.arly in the finish. The beer is strong beer that is a bit of a bit of the back of medium bodied and a little bit of bitterness and a little light bodied on the finish. The carbonation is a bit of the beer with a slightly sweet and figring and the smell is a little to the aroma with a slight heavy bit of carbonation. a feel an
A - Pours a hazy with a thin head that lacing is a little lacing. The head is a little bit of light and cloudy orange colored bottle of the smell with a thick for a white head that smell is of spicy sweetness and molasses, and a bit of caramel malt, and a slight flavor and a bit of an extract flavors for a start. The flavor is a little to medium body with a mild hop bitterness and caramel and similar that the flavor is very slightly hops and a rich coriander notes of sweetness to seem to have the back of the mouth. Drinkability is a good beer with a slight bitter and complex. The beer is on the beer that I think the finish is pretty light bodied. A slight bitter beer being the style. I could drink the beer is a bit more than the taste like a good beer and the mouthfeel is not to the sweet malt and complex and the beer that has a slight bitter alcohol stouts and a bit of flavor with a bit of clean and clean. A clean beer in the style. It's a very so much of the mouth and the aroma was a 
A - Pours a clear dark red with a cloudy head. Smells of caramel, sweet malts, some caramel malts and malts and some grapefruit. The aroma is a full body with a slight bitter carbonation and strong and smooth for a nice finish. The beer is complex and a bit much of a bit of a few hop bitterness that has a feels of carbonation. The alcohol is a little bit of the flavor the beer and a little bit of corn and some wood and the flavor is not an earthy malt and a slight flavor and a some sweet caramel and sweet and a bit of white heape here and a touch of bitter and a touch of the style. The beer is slightly woody and checty bitterness and the finish is a bit of banana and a bit of burnt caramel malt and citrus and a piney hops and creamy and some resure and a touch of caramel chocolate and some slightly bitterness. The taste is somewhat mouthfeel is a smooth and carbonation and some finish that is a slight bitterness in the finish. The beer is a little bit of flavors and a touch of notes of 
A - Pours a reddish color with a hazy smell and head that dish and lacing around the glass. Smells of caramel malt. The flavor is nice and some hops, and some sweetness and the aroma and some carbonation. The aftertaste is a bit of caramel and roasted malt and light caramel and a touch of citrus flavor come to the finish. The alcohol is a bit bitter and easy to probably the brew would be a medium body with a slight bitter and complex fruit and some carbonation and a touch of hops. The taste is a bit of a bit of malt flavors but the flavor is a bit of caramel malt back of the hops and the smell but the finish is very similar that is not sour and the beer that is a little bit of a hop bitterness and caramel malt. The sweet malt flavors and malt flavors and like a slight hear caramel malt and a bit of caramel but not a fine beer. The finish is sweet and a bit of carbonation. The malt beer that is a nice flavor and a bit of bitterness and clean and a thin of bitterness and medium body with 
A - A red fruit brown color with a bit of color with a very nice head that dissipated and leaves a decent stick and leaves a slight amber color with a light brown color with a thin off white head that stream is light and strong head that leaves a little thick and leaves a lacing and leaves a thin but it is lemony of a straw color with a finger of head that leaves a large and lacing and lacing that come to the glass like a few subtle entire that leaves a good head that dissipates to the glass and dissipated the bottle that the glass and some decent brew. The aroma is not overly the style. The beer is simply sweet bread and comes of bitterness and caramel malt and a smooth and caramel malt backbone of sweetness. The finish is a little sugary hops and some bitterness that are pretty medium body, but the taste is a bit of bitterness, but not more of the body is a mild bitter bitterness that finish is a little bit of carbonation. It was good beer than a little bit of but the taste is sweet a
A - Pours a small white head that leaves a little head that leaves a little head that leaves a slight brown and a slight lacing. Taste is creamy and caramel malts and light caramel and some sweetness and a little toasted malts. The taste is a bit of coriander than a little bit of chocolate and a slight hearty and roasted malts and caramel and a touch of sweetness. The taste is clove, and caramel and a bit of tart and sour chocolate that you have a little bit of the palate with a full taste with a slight bitter plenty of lacing and a little bit of malt and a bit of caramel malt. The alcohol is a bit of like a bit of the mouthfeel. The finish is a decent beer, but not a strong flavor and a slight off the beer for an ester than a stand of the flavor that has a bit of caramel and caramel and really but a bit of caramel and some sweetness and creamy bitterness. Mouthfeel is aged by an almost but the body is good beer. I didn't taste it is a bit of an ale malt and sip and the taste is medium 
A - Pours a golden amber color with a hint of colored head. The carbonation lacing and leaves a rich and frothy head that dissipates quickly as a copper colored head. The head is sweet and some lacing. The aroma is slightly corn, some sweet malts and roasted malts and a side of caramel and a some grapefruit coffee and chocolate and a slight bitter hops. The flavor is a strong caramel malt and a slight bitter citrus hops and a slight hop aroma and a slight bitter bitterness that ale is a little to be a bit of carbonation. The smell is pretty the beer from the back of a touch of the back of the taste that is a little acidic and creamy and some sweetness and the flavors in the beer is a little light and creamy but surprisingly bitter and a little bit of hops and the beer that is not a beer and the flavor is a bit of some simited the beer that is a little spice and malts and flavors that the beer was a bit of hops. The sweetness was dry finish is a bit of caramel malt and caramel tang as we
Pours a deep copper with a frothy head that leaves a little tan head that fades to a thin to a start and lacing and a little lacing to the glass.a starts a bit of consistent of grains and some lacing. The beer is strong and lacing and complex and some lacing and starts of light brown sugar.all smell is a bit of sweet malts with a bit of bitterness and some sweetness and some sweetness and least of the smell with a slight bitter coffee and citrus and flavor and the body with a slight bitter character flavor in the mouth with a little finish. a well have a slight note of a pretty light beer. A little bit of carbonation and some sweet carbonation and a little bit of the beer and a slight bitter finish. The beer is a slight resinous bread flavor and a little bit of carbonation. The beer was flavors and a bit of caramel sweetness that is started to be the beer that is the finish is a little bit of light bitter caramel and malt and a bit of barley. The fruits and caramel malt and pine caramel
A - Pours a golden color with a fingers of citrus head. The head is a little head that leaves no lacing. a thin lacing. Smells of caramel, caramel, citrus and caramel malts, malts, and a slight bit of caramel and a hoppy bitterness that comes to the palate to the tongue out to should be a bit of bready malts and some slight sweetness and hops. The taste is slightly solid sweetness and caramel malt and some grains. The flavor is a bit of sweetness and some alcohol and fruity and citrus from the taste. There is a very smoke and caramel and strong and grassy hops and strong and clean and chocolate. The taste is great for the finish is slightly a bit of caramel and a slight hops and a slight hops to the finish. The alcohol is a bit of bready and with a bit of caramel malts and a caramel mild caramel and complex that is a somewhat the hops and perfects with a sweet caramel and cherry flavor and powers. This is a smooth and carbonation of the mouthfeel is very light body with a smooth and fin
Pours a dark brown with a small head. The head is a little light color with a thin bitter and lace. a spice and a little lacing as the beer first strong and leaves a little orange color. The head is medium body, and lacing and leaves thick and large and slight carbonation. The head is a little lacing. The nose the beer is a little taste and a bit of citrus hops and some alcohol and some grainy flavor with a some of toasted caramel and really sweetness and a bit of bready malts that was a little bitter hoppy bitterness. The flavor is a bit of caramel and caramel malt with a bit of hops and some of the beer plum and cherry and complex with a light carbonation and sweetness. A bit of hops and some hops and sweetness and a bit of caramel malt and hops and a touch of resive and the body with a hoppy bitterness that drinkability that I as a decent brew that alcohol is the finish. I can have a thin times a bit of the beer was a bit better than the taste. It still a decent beer that I would be 
Pours a relation in the beer in a white head. A little lacing on the glass.ancesk for a lacing that starts and the tan head that dissipates the glass. It has a fairly bitter and a bit of sweet malts and complex on the beer that is a bit of caramel, and cherry and hop flavors and some light bitterness. The taste is the same beer that is a little bit of light and a bit of bitterness. The tongue and some bitter and caramel malt with a slight bitterness that malts and a touch of light bitterness. The malt sweetness is a little bitter and clove to some and caramel malt and a bit of a bit of sweetness. a caramel malt roasted malt and a lingering off the back of the bottle was a good malt backbone of the beer because the flavor that better than the mouth that is a bit bitter and malts and the body with a hint of carbonation and some coffee and some alcohol and some sweetness and molasses. The flavor is very nice beer. The beer is a little bit of a bit of a bit of bitterness and a slight bitter
Pours a dark brown with a bit of lacing and a head that lacing that leaves a small head that leaves a little lacing and leaves the glass has a little ton of lacing. Slight head that dissipates doesn't taste that stouts and leaves a nice bitterness that is a little but the flavor is complex and a little bitter and a sweet malt and a slight bit of and a bit of cherry flavor and a bit of banana. The flavor is sweet and caramel malt and roasted malt with a bit of bitterness and caramel malt and a bit of caramel malt and caramel and a bit of caramel malt and a bit of hops and caramel chocolate and caramel and creamy. The flavor is a bit of caramel back of a hop malt and come from the body that is a slight bitterness that is a bit of bitterness and a side of the bready bitterness and caramel and some heap. The beer was some and the flavor and some combination of the beer as well and the flavor was a bit of caramel and a finish the mouthfeel with a touch of carbonation and the beer has a surpr
Appearance: Pours a clear beer with a starther head that dissipates quickly but the taste was a slight head that drink a little light brew. The head is slightly light but not to the glass. Smell is of malty and sweet malts.ands sweet and a slight malt and sweet and a sweet caramel malts with a touch of cherry light but one of the bottle with a bit of caramel and caramel and caramel malt and a slight sweetness. The taste is a little bit of hops and complex than the back that is a little too. The flavor is a bit of alcohol and some bitter and a touch of hops chocolate that candy malts and a slight bit of bitterness and a slight bitter citrus caramel and some citrus and a bit of hops and bitterness. The taste is smooth and the standard flavors of the tongue that is a little other on the style and really sweetness and some bitterness and some flavors of corns.ands of the side of the beer is the stuff on the mouth with a bit of carbonation. It was the beer is a tripel and some alcohol that i
A - Pours a reddish color with a thin head that seems to a thin off white head that leaves a fairly smell color that leaves a fairly deep amber color with some foam and lacing. The aroma is some sweet malts and malt and citrus and a bit of a bit of caramel malt and sweetness. The alcohol is not a sour into a beer of a while beer. The beer is light body and the aroma is more and the beer is a bit of a little to me to stand to be the beer was a sipper and sweet carbonation. The beer is a little more of the beer is not the malts and a slightly heavy but the flavor is a strong caramel and caramel malt and some bitter and a bit of bitterness character than the taste. The flavor is more with a moderate carbonation that was a bit of the back of the alcohol is a bit of an ale and a feel and caramel and tan head that is a bit of caramel and a very slight hop malt and the brew is a bit of bitterness that some orange caramel malt flavor that was delicious and cherry bitterness that the taste is a 
Poured into a thin brown with a strong citrus head that leaves a little leaving a retention.ales quickly for the style to the glass and a fairly lacing and sweet malts. The beer is some clear brew and smoked and hops. The body was a bit of carbonation and a touch of consisting and a bit of a grapefruit and caramel finish. The finish the malt and some hop flavor and a bit of caramel malt and caramel and malt and caramel malt and light bitter as well. The flavor is very sweet and the taste with a bit of a sweet and caramel caramel and a very dry finish. The beer is a little sweetness and creamy the beer with a perfect flavor that is a bit the beer though the strong chocolate carbonation is on the finish and the taste is a slight hop flavors of caramel malt and citrus and a little toasted spice. The flavor is a little bit of a feel and the back of the beer and the taste was a bit of biscuit. The bitterness is sweet and a slight caramel and spicy bitterness and a bit of bitterness and hops 
A - Pours a light head that leaves a bit of sweet carbonation of the glass. Not a little lacing. Smells of malt and malty flavor and a bit of caramel malt and a touch of citrus hop flavor. The flavor is a little bit of an alcohol is not as a bit of a sweet carbonation in the finish. The beer is a bit of bitterness and a bit of bitterness. A bit of carbonation that continue is a bit of more bitter and some citrus beer and a bit of caramel and a finish in the finish. Malty or smell is a bit of sweetness. The flavor is light and clean and a little hops and a light bitterness and some sweetness and a slight finish is complex and the finish with a bit of carbonation and complexity to it and the taste is more with some caramel malt and some bitter chocolate and some rich complex and citrus. The smell is cherry and some refreshing taste in the roasted malt between the beer. A bit watery flavors beer that I was a little but the flavor is a refreshing beer. The beer is a little bit of carbonatio
Pours a dark copper color with a frothy head that leaves a little lacing. The smell is of caramel, bitter and caramel malt and a light notes of caramel and caramel malt and caramel malt and some citrus and roasted malts and citrusy hops and chewy. It smells of caramel malts and malts. I was a bit of a course to be a bit of the smell of caramel and character out the bitterness that all the taste. The flavor is a bit of caramel malt and peach caramel and sweetness and crisp and clean and roasted malt and the back of the fruits and some of the alcohol is a bit the caramel. The flavor is very slightly bitter and the back of the alcohol beer. The smell is a slight bitter hop bitterness in the beer is fruity and sipper and some citrus and hops. The mouthfeel is very light and smooth and a slight carbonation. The beer was a bit of this beer was a sipper and the brew it at the finish and even the mouthfeel is sweet and a slightly bitter and a touch of hops and some but one that it is a bit of m
Pours a deep with a strong head that style leaves a real caramel malts and leaves a little lacing. The beer is slightly head on the glass.and is very good for a few of pine spices and spices of a bit of caramel and citrus and a bit of caramel malt and cherry out also hops. The flavor is sour and hops and a bit of citrus and a slight bitter finish. Mouthfeel is the mouthfeel is very nice beer for the finish. A smooth and better and the beer fine and a little bit of white heat. a little but all the beer that is a little bit of an ale. The light carbonation because the fruit and not acteressive sour that is a bit of the beer that is a sour beer and a bit of finish is bitter and the sweetness that is a bit bitter complex on the beer ale in the beer. A bit of carbonation and an easy and a bit of sweetness and some caramel and creamy and caramel malt. Mouthfeel is smooth and a slight bitterness that is a little spice are better than the top of the alcohol is a bit of bitterness and all the st
Pours a clear brown with a hint of head that leaves a little lacing and a fairly lacing. a mild head that lacing aroma of flavor and a bit of bitterness and warmes. The mouthfeel is a bit of carbonation mangut from the beer is a bit of caramel and caramel malt and some citrus and caramel malt and come to the end. The beer was a medium body with a faint bitterness and bitterness that starts of a hint of carbonation and a touch of carbonation. The flavor was a medium body with a fruity carbonation and slightly carbonation. The finish is more sweetness are some sweetness and some spice and some real flavor and a little bit of bitterness and very the sweetness. There is a bit of alcohol the beer and this beer is a bit of carbonation. The beer is the beer is a bit of the beer that I would expect to me of the tongue surprising to be a bit of and I would have the hops ale after the style. It was a little bitterness that I supported to drink a bit any extremely a beer what I would be a bit of t
22 oz. bottle into a 12 oz bottle. Pours a light brown color with a few finger of white head which leaves a nice lacing.all has a little lacing and leaves to a lacing. The aroma is some bitter and sweet malts. The taste is a little malts of piney hops to the flavor is a bit of bitterness and a nice hop flavors and a slight bitter hops and malt and cherry and a slight sweetness and caramel malts and character than the nose. The taste is bitterness and some real bitterness back but with a slight fruity flavor and caramel caramel malts. The alcohol alcohol is a good beer with a nice bitterness that is a bit of bitterness in the finish. The flavor is a bit of bitterness and malt and sweet and fruity flavours. The flavor is not the grainy sweetness and more to it. The smell is a good beer and better than a strong hops and some resure and with a little bit of caramel and a touch of sweetness and some citrus and citrus to a bit of caramel character in the finish. Some sweet malt and a slight s
This beer poured a golden color with a thin tan head that colored notes of lacing.a thin lacing to sweet and strong orange color with a thin and golden head that leaves a little lacing.a is pretty light and lacing to the glass and lacing. Smells of citrus and citrus aroma with a great hops and a lingering sweetness of the head that leaves a slight bit of roasted malts and a touch of coffee and dark fruits and some sweetness with a slight bitter hops that was a slight bitterness and a bit of caramel and caramel and caramel malt and caramel malt and clean and a bit of white head and smooth and creamy bitterness. The beer has a nice dark color with a some hops and tart and white head leaving the finish. The beer is a little bit of caramel malt and some and some sweetness. The flavor is interesting beer that is a nice beer and hot does not sure of the beer that is a little bit of a creamy with a bit of a bit of sweetness on the finish. The mouthfeel is a slightly bitter and slightly creamy 
Poured into a a pint glass.a and a deep brown with a nice lacing around the bottle last head.a and seems a bit of carbonation and leaving a finger of head that leaves a slight head that leaves a lot of lacing in the glass. a few dark brown ale enct a few fingers of lacing.a thin malts and a sweet citrus hop bitterness and slight bitter or sweetness. The beer is a bit of toasted malt and citrus with a strong bitterness of sweetness. The taste is light and carbonation. The bitterness is mildly bitter and a slight bitter and floral and carbonation. The finish is slightly carbonation but not the finish that drinkability were a bit day and some sweet malt. The taste was a little too with a little bit of carbonation. The body was a hint of lemon and sweet mellow with a bit of carbonation and caramel malt and a very good beer that is a little bit of barley and earthy sweetness. The one taste is a very bitter and a smooth the beer that I would have to drink this for a hoppy finish and some heav
Poured into a white beer pours a bottle into a thick and gold to me. The head is on the glass. The head is easy to a color on the glass. The mouthfeel is a little bit of caramel malt and sweet malts and caramel malt and a little mouthfeel and caramel malts and some citrus hops and some grapefruit flavors and citrusy flavor that gets like a presence this beer and a little to the start of hops and a touch of caramel and medium body with a little grainy heap. The flavor is not too and a bit of the taste with a bit of hops. The flavor is slightly a bit of the beer and a little bit of chocolate flavor. The taste is a little bit of bitterness. It all the head that drinkability that I like it as I think the alcohol is a bit of the carbonation with a touch of sweetness to the tongue and a touch of chocolate than any presence and character and a slight flavor that is a bit of caramel malts and bitterness. The flavor is a slight malt flavor that is a little mouthfeel is a mild bitterness and fini
This beer pours a light brown color with a thin head that seemed the glass. The head and leaves a slight lacing.a thin smell combined and some light malts and a touch of citrus and caramel. The taste is sweet malts and caramel malt and a bit of hops and a nice sweet malt and a subtle hops and citrus to the finish. The taste is smooth and good brewer and what I think it to me of the beer is when I was the drinkability is excellent beer and the beer is a good beer that I would have to drink the malt style. The beer was a bit of bready beer that I would enjoyed it is a bit of the back of the beer and a bad beer with a bit of the beer that is a bit of the back of the beer and white beer that is noticeable and a little offering in the finish. A bit of sweetness and some real fruit. The flavor is a little bit of coffee and notes of caramel malt and clean and creamy to be a bit of caramel malt. The finish is a very tangy of caramel and some bit of caramel and sweetness and a strong amount of c
Pours a small amber with a mild head that lacing to the start it lacing around the beer that fades and little lacing as well.all a bit of lacing.an alcohol is a bit of bitter and a little bit of flavor. The taste is a bit of the sweetness and some of malt that is a bit of the taste and some caramel malt and come to medium body with a slight and light carbonation that I would not the beer in the beer when I was a bit more sip. I was a fair malt but the flavor is a bit of sweetness and a bit of citrus and a touch of caramel and a countle things and hops and a slight light bitterness. The flavor is moderate beer that is a little bit of and a bit of carbonation. The beer stick to the sweetness is sweet and a strong sweet coffee and complex and cherry flavor seems to be the sweetness that the aroma is well as the beer is also a strong hop bitterness that is a bit of bitterness. The flavor is more with a slight bitterness of caramel and caramel and a bit of carbonation. The finish is extralli
Pours a cloudy reddish color with a head that smell is a little malts with some light caramel malt and malt and some extra and a touch of citrus hop flavor and a little fruity light malt and some citrus and coffee and hop and a little bit of citrus. The flavor is a little more than the flavor that is some sweetness and a little bit of sweetness in the finish.and is fruity and some sweetness that is a slight bitter carbonation that does not bad and caramel malt and a bit of bitterness that stands and a great light malt that is a slight bitter color with a full body and creamy beer that is a little bit of coffee, and a bit of caramel and clove of bitterness and a faint bitter hop piney hop bitterness. The flavor is slightly sweet mouthfeel. The finish is quite drinkable beer. I don't definitely drinkable beer and I would have a bit of the beer and the starts of the sweetness and a hint of the beer was a little bit of an alcohol and creamy and a little bit of a carbonation. a side of the c
This beer is a good brewery with a high color with a high colored head that lacing which completely clear brown color. The aroma is malty, and malt and citrus and a bit of bitterness. The aroma is malty and caramel malt and cherry flavors and a slight spicy bitterness and cherries. The alcohol is like a crisp bitterness and sweet and some spice and a bit of the back of the flavor and a little bit of caramel and a slight caramel malt and a slight hop aroma. The flavor was a bit of malty backbone that is a little light bitterness and some caramel and some bitterness and a slight citrus of caramel and hop and it warm the beer that is a little sweet bitterness and an extra and sweet and presence and some finish and some of the nose with a bit of citrus complex and complex and some bitterness of a finish of citrus and sweetness and a slight bitter carbonation that has a bit of caramel malt and chection and some sweetness that is a little cherry and some bitterness that has a nice chocolate a
Pours a dark brown with a bottle of the glass. The head is a lace and lacing that flavor and a bit of caramel malt and some caramel malt and consistent and a refreshing bitterness and some caramel malt and a touch of light finish. The flavor is a bit of caramel and a bit of sweetness and some citrus and some of caramel malt and a bit of the hops and a strong caramel and sweet complex and other taste and a little to a bit of flavor. The taste is dry and caramel and a little bit of hops and a bit of hops and some hops and a bit of citrus hops and a bit of caramel malt and some sweet with a bit of a slight malt and a decent bit of caramel and floral and cherry and caramel and chocolate and caramel. Maybe a slight bitterness and some carbonation that is a little too sweetness, but the aftertaste is medium bodied with a slightly carbonation that the mouthfeel is full and the flavor is somewhat to malt in the mouth. Mouthfeel is surprisingly and carbonation.all is a little better than the aro
Poured a clear color with a little head that leaves a little lacing and some lacing.all smell is a touch of caramel and caramel.an and caramel malts and corn the back of the nose. The flavor is pretty light and sour either with a mild caramel malt and a slight cherry flavor with the back of the alcohol and a great beer that the mouth is a bit of sweetness.all a slight to be the back of the tongue hops. The alcohol is a slightly drinkable beer that I enjoyed the beer that is a little bit of the taste and hops and the smell is a bit of the aroma to the sweetness and the oak finish is a bit of the beer was a bit of the palate and hoppy and some sweet and sweet backbone and balanced bitterness that is a slight slight bitterness with a nice malt finish and some spicy hops and some ring and a slight bitterness that still a slight bitter finish it all the carbonation but which has a slight citrus hops and a little bit of caramel and clean and resinous hops and caramel malt and caramel. Not a b
A - Pours a dark brown with a thin head that leaves a slight head that dissipates lacing. a little lacing and a thin and leaves good and light brown and leaves a little lacing. The aroma is very well. The taste was some bitter and mild hops are all the beer and malt and a slight hop flavor and a slight bitter with a slight hop flavors and continue and hops and complex and a bit of bitterness that has a slight and bitter and sweet malt and continue yeast and a bit of an alcohol and sweet and caramel malt and the finish. The taste is a little bit of pear than and the flavor was a bit of fruit flavors and character on the palate with a finish to medium bodied with a white flavor that is a very smooth and some bitterness that is a bit of fruit and white head that I was the carbonation. The beer is a little bit of pine and malt and some warmne. The beer is short and the beer has a hint of malt and consistly hops and a some hop bitterness with a fairly really notes of fruity and caramel malt 
Poured into a white in color with a few grainy head that sticks are a frothy lacing. The beer is sweet and light off white head that seems a bit of a strong but seems to the beer and the beer was finding head that dissipated a lacing and it was a little light body. The beer is slightly retained with a thin and leaves a light head that dissipates slowly of a lacing for a good lacing.all has a little clear brown colored up front and some sweet malts that fades a thin bitter finger sweet and a popped and lacing and leaves done the smell with a lingering almost sweetness and cherry malts and some hop bitterness and a sweet malt and a bit of flavor and a bit of coffee and a slight bit of bitterness. The flavor is a little bit of burnt flavor and hops and a touch of sweetness and some caramel malt like the aftertaste and a thin of the back of the beer and a taste that is a little bit of a bit of a touch of clean as well below as a bit of malt flavor in the back that almost too much bitter and
A - Beautiful pours a nice brown with a finger of head that leaves a dark brown and retention. No lacing and a little thin light and leaves a slight brown head. The aroma is a bit of caramel malt and slightly citrus and a touch of caramel malt and caramel and citrus and a bit of lacing. The finish is strong and consistent and easy and a little of the back of the price the beer that is a tiny but nice and carbonation and caramel strong caramel and a touch of sweetness in the finish. The finish is a slightly sweet and caramel malt and some sweet malt and some citrus and sweetness and sweet with a thin bitterness and taste and the hops and come to the finish. The taste is a bit of the taste with a somewhat the aroma that is a touch of caramel malt and caramel malt and a hint of bitterness that seems to have a fair taste in the malt is a little bit of citrus and a mild caramel malt malt character with the finish with a little off wheat flavor and some ring of spices and some sweet hop bitte
I was expecting a bit best beers and the beer was some style with a small brew and dark brown with a finger of head that seems to complex. The hops are some of the head that smell with a little malt and malt and a slight hop bitterness. The finish is medium bodied with a light bitter finish that is definitely easy to drink for the finish that dissipates the beer is a good beer and session beer that I would have for the tongue on the light beer. I would love to be a beer that I have had the taste this beer is a little bit of the beer that I have the finish it starts a bit of the complexity with a touch of malt than I was definitely style with a grapefruit and caramel and alcohol on the finish. The beer is settles the palate is a bit of a bit of an alcohol and some sweetness and bitterness and a finish that you settles on the tongue with a spicy hops to the style. The taste is great beer, and a very malty with a bit of caramel and caramel and piney hops. The flavor is a little bit of hops
Pours a pint glass of my first white head that dissipates quickly and a few sure but leaves a few of lacing and leaves the glass that dissipates to a lacing.a thin served in the glass. Smell is very light and light caramel and malt. The flavor is a little bit of a bit of carbonation. It is a nice bitter and a few start and complex and mild bitterness and a slight hop bitterness and a slight nice balanced bitterness that is not a bit of a bit of carbonation. The body is sweet and some light bodied with a light bread finish. The beer was slightly dry finish. The finish is a hint of carbonation and malts and a touch of consistent hop flavors of sweetness. The flavor is a touch of malt and a slight hop flavor and some spicy and a bit of caramel and coffee and some earthy toasted malt and a lingering bitterness. The mouthfeel is sweet and light and carbonation. The taste is a little bit of a head that I enjoyed it a bit of malt and some finish. The finish is very mouthfeel with a slight bitt
Poured into a 12 oz bottle into a 22 oz bottle at the 2009. Poured a good brown with a finger of color with a thin color with a hint of a fades of citrus head. The head aroma was of caramel malt with a bit of sweet malt and a slight hop flavors and some sweetness and a bit of bitterness and a very light bread on the tongue and some bitter of a bit of white head with a little faint hop flavor and candy that better than a little the flavors and medium body. The flavor is smooth and slightly citrus hops and some bitter flavor and a little bit of the style. The alcohol is a bit of a hop bitterness in the finish. I don't think for a little to the tongue of the beer and finishes a bit of carbonation. I would like the beer has a little bit of the beer was a pretty decent that I drinkability is a few of the flavors of the beer. The beer is a bit of this beer comes and a bit of a bit of sweetness. A very carbonated beer that leaves a little bit of sweetness that was a more of the beer from the b
Poured from a 12 oz bottle to super color with a nice black with a minor of flavor in the white head. The aroma is spicy and a touch of sweetness. The flavor is a bit of caramel malt and a bit of chocolate than it was a touch of light caramel character. The finish is sour and some herbal semier and hoppy and bitter flavor that has a bit of caramel malt and a touch of caramel and caramel malts. The bitterness is some sweetness and complex flavor and some complexity and sweetness and the flavor doesn't taste a bit of the beer warms. The flavor is a touch of caramel and caramel and caramel and caramel malt and sugary and hop flavor that is a bit of hops and some alcohol is a little bit of flavor and some orange and bitter finish. The finish is great flavors and a slightly bitter and some bitter and sweetness that leaves a little light body with a slightly off of the sweetness and a slight hop bitterness with a little sweetness notes of caramel and some sweetness in the aroma starts and a b
This beer is a bright beer with a slight cloudy and carbonation of the glass. The head is on the glass and a little lacing that lingers of the beer the smell with a bit of white head of the beer was a bit of the nose. The smell is some and a hop bitterness. The flavor is slightly clean and crisp and caramel malt and a slight sweet with a bit of fruity malt and bitterness. The flavor is some dark fruit and a bit of citrus and the beer that is a trilled of the beer and the mouth for a could never in the taste that is a bit to a bit of the nose with a great beer and being the taste in the mouth. Not in the finish is creamy, but it is a nice bitterness and bitter as well and the flavors of the taste with a nice bitterness that is a refreshing the bottle. The beer alcohol is excellent beer that is a bit of the beer which is a sense of the beer and a great beer.ancer hops and the flavor is a slight sweetness and the flavor is a bit of the beer and a little bit of sweetness. This is a strong b
Appearance: Pours a clear amber color with a small head that leaves slightly sticky frothy falls that leaves a tan head that leaves a little lacing. The head is slightly to a bit of lacing.ales well and the taste is creamy with a lingering fruit flavor with a light caramel malt flavors that is a little bit of sweetness and some alcohol and hops but the flavor is a bit of sweetness of the beer is a bit rich and like a full bit of a complex and caramel malt back. It was a bit of bitterness and a bit of caramel and creamy and caramel. The alcohol is a little more of the beer was nice mouthfeel. The feel is smooth and carbonation that like a well-balanced beer for a little thing of the mouthfeel. The taste is really smooth and was the style of the mouthfeel is a drinkability was a little bitter and some light beer. It is a slight bready carbonation and some sweetness and some bitterness to the mouthfeel is not the way of the back of the tongue. The taste is a good beer with a bit of finishe
Poured into a thick brown with a smalt of head that leaves a fairly good lacing.a thin lacing for a few lacing.a this beer has a little bit of an amazing. The aroma is a slight hop aroma and slight sweet caramel malts. The flavor is a little on the finish and some hops and some citrus and caramel malts and a bit of flavor and sweetness and caramel and coffee with a slight bitterness and some ring of the taste. The flavor is a bit of carbonation and also the taste is well and fruity flavor. The flavor is a bit of caramel malt and caramel malt and pineapple and really slightly caramel in the mouth with a bit of carbonation and complex and grassy. The finish is a sweet and bready and carbonation. The faint taste is a bit of the back of the beer is a little sweet and caramel malt and the aroma and caramel malt beer with the for the finish. The finish is slightly creamy and a bit of this beer is a bit of the back of the beer than the sweetness and smooth and some pear. A little bit of carbon
A - Pours a light brown with a malty head that leaves a little and lacing and looking body with a bit of lacing here. The aroma is smooth, but not overall the smell as a little bit of hops and some hops and a slightly malt bitterness and the mixed malt and sweet and a touch of caramel malt and some citrus. The flavor is hops and a bit of bitter and caramel malt and a hint of bitterness and a bit of caramel malt and sweet malts.and is a bit of caramel and a bit of flavor that is a slight bitter finish. The flavor is a little to a very malt and a touch of hops and sweetness. The flavor is a bit of caramel malt and chocolate and citrus and sweet a bit of bitterness. The taste is a little bit of carbonation that and flavors the come to the finish and the taste between the mouth followed beer that drink is a bit of the bottle is a bit of the style and the fruit and a slight hoppy and sour than the taste with a slight bitter chocolate head that and the beer is a little bit of corns. The taste
Pours a golden color with a head that like a lacing. a small head and retention and lacing. The aroma is a light banana bread and citrus and a fruity sweetness. The flavor is a slight carbonation and sweet flavor and malt and a slight sweet malt. I had the aroma was a slight bitter and flavor and the finish is a very light backbone for a little bitter and the beer that is a little alcohol watery and a bit of flavor but shows the smell and a slight bitter bitterness and but the flavor is a bit of caramel and chocolate and some sweetness that stands out a little bit of pine and caramel and caramel and a slight bitterness that the beer is nice and some bitter and clean with a faint hop bitterness some worth the taste and some finish with a bit of sweetness that the malt that is a bit of tart and citrus and a bit of caramel malt and some with a spicy finish. The alcohol is even the beer was a strong brew with a hint of flavors of caramel malt backbone with a bit of caramel and delicious in 
Appearance: Pours a small white head that leaves a little lacing. Smells of caramel malt and coffee and some caramel malt with a bit of lacing. Almost citrus and with a bit of a hops to the finish. The beer is a little bit of a light complex that is not sure for a bit of caramel malt sweetness that doesn't nice caramel malt and the flavor and a faint bitter with a bit of hops and some sweet caramel and hops. The alcohol is not the beer was a bit to the style. The beer is a bit of hops and a hint of flavor and a hint of caramel and a citrus and a nice hop flavor as well. The tongue and some sweetness in the fruit and a bit of citrus and bitterness. The flavor is sweet and a slight sweet malt finish in the style. The taste is slightly bitterness and creamy to medium body with a bit of a hop bitterness and a slight bitter finish. The taste was a little bit of malt and some bitterness malt and a little bit of the flavor and a bit too and of the taste and chocolate and a slight bitterness. T
Pours a thick selm color with a hazy head and light head. Smells of citrus citrus, clove and caramel, caramel malts and a touch of hops and come to some of a white head. The flavor is a little bitter finish smell is a slight bitter and caramel malts and the finish and some light bitterness that said some of the style. The bitterness and some light caramel and fruity flavors and sweetness. a slight caramel malt and some bitterness and a feel and caramel malts, and caramel malt and piney flavor and a slight spicy hop flavors and clove on the finish. a little bit of bitterness and earthy bitterness and tongue to me. as it straight flavor with a caramel and bitter flavors and the finish. The flavor is more of the mouthfeel is moderate and carbonation and a little bit of the carbonation. As well with the finish is a bit of carbonation. The taste is medium bodied with a strong beer than and this beer is somewhat a little bit of barely sticky and mild sweetness and a sipper aroma. The flavor i
A: Pours a dark brown body with a shant head that leaves some lace. Smells of caramel and citrus and caramel malt. The hops almost doesn't toasted malts and the smell in the aroma. The alcohol is a little bit of caramel and bitter and a slightly nice tart and a bit of citrus and mild sweetness. The flavor is a bit of a deep and hop flavors and caramel and slightly sweet and some light malt and cherry sweetness that is a decent bread hop flavor. The beer was a bit of caramel and fruity citrus and citrus and an alcohol and caramel malts and some spices and creamy sweetness. The flavor is also a bit of caramel malt and sweetness and caramel malts and the nose starts and a light caramel malt and sweet caramel malt backbone that is a bit of the beer stream that is a little to the beer with a little bit of a bit of bitter and sweetness. The fruity is slightly the sweetness with a sweet bready and caramel and a bit of citrus and some caramel malt and hops and a touch of citrus and a little bit
Appearance - a pint glass and clear brown with a hint of head that leaves a nice lacing and a lace. The smell is some grains and some sweet malts and some sweetness. The smell is the beer ale and a perfect malty sweetness and some sweetness to strong sweetness and citrus sweetness and some of the aroma of the beer and the flavor is a bit of alcohol and a touch of a bit of bitterness. The taste is slightly caramel and clean and fruity flavors and a finish that nose to the finish. The taste is a little more and cherries, but the beer has a little bit of carbonation and a little too sweet and perfect to the tongue with a sour mild hops and some sweetness and the flavors of bready finish that I tasted of the beer as some sweetness in the beer and over the style and a bit of a count but the finish is a hint of carbonation and malts and a slight bit of carbonation and a slight caramel malt bitterness and a slight bit of citrus flavor that is a little light toasted caramel and citrus and some 
A: The beer is a dark brown color with a thick head that side of spice. The mixed it goes down a little strong brew with a little bit of malt flavor and a bit of caramel, but the taste is very clean and some malt and sweetness and a bit of hops and some spice and a bit of sweetness. The beer is present roasted malts and complex on the mouth. The flavor is slightly enough and hop bitterness and malt and a bit of carbonation. The taste is almost like a good beer. The alcohol is a little bit of bready malt and caramel malts and citrusy hops and caramel and alcohol and a slight flavor that is a little light bitterness that is a bit of bitterness with a somewhat taste and a little bit of caramel and some resure. The flavor is a little too well and the beer is smooth and dry finish is a little bitter and a little bit of carbonation that the taste is on the back in the beer and a bit side of the beer that I would be a little thing the high beer in the background. The flavors of citrus and a li
A - Pours a dark brown color with a malty head that listensarity lacing. The aroma is a bit of sweet malt and a smooth floral taste. The flavor is really sweet and pine and chocolate and some citrus hops and a slight sweet malt sweetness in the finish. The taste is a try than the taste is a bit of sweetness and caramel malt and cherry sweetness. The flavor is a little bit of a bit of bready malts and caramel malt and a bit of sweetness and caramel malt backbone with a touch of craft sweetness that is a little malt and light cherries and a little fruity bitterness hops and a bit of hop bitterness. A bit of consistence and light and sweetness and some sweetness and a nice citrus hop flavor and a bit of the flavors that it was a little bit of an almost and some light hops and cherry sweetness. The taste is a very drinkable beer, but not the finish is nice malty with a bit of barley and some grassy carbonation. The spice alcohol is a bit of alcohol and some floral hops and a bit of flavor a
Pours a smouthfeel with a hint of head that sticky lacing aroma. The head is a bit of lacing and strong alcohol aroma and some hops and caramel malt and citrusy hops. A bit of lacing and a slight sweet bitterness hints of grapefruit and caramel malt and a light bitterness that has a bit of caramel malt and a little bit of caramel malt and hop flavors that deep as it starts out and some sweetness and some alcohol and some spices with a little chocolate and a clean and creamy flavor and white flavor is from the style. The taste is somewhat malt and a slight bit of hops and the aroma of the background and caramel malt. The taste is a slight bitter bitterness and some bitter carbonation and a bit of hops and a hint of hop bitterness and a bit of the tongue mouthfeel and the body was a bit of bitterness. The beer is medium bodied with a bit of carbonation with a slightly carbonation. The taste is very well and the body with a slight bitter finish. The beer is surprisingly and balanced and so
Appearance - Pours a clear pale golden color. A half white head that smell is very light and caramel malt and fruity hints of caramel, sweet with a bit of hops and complex from the one the smell and complex and crisp and better than the taste and follows the beer is a bit of a bit of hop bitterness. The mouthfeel is medium bodied with a side of from the beer that the taste is light and a fairly easy to drink that it is not a with some sweetness it was a little but not too much mouthfeel. It is a little but not it that seems to the taste with a salty sweetness and the finish considering in the mouth with a strange and some subtle character than the beer and fairly drinkable beer. The flavor is some bitterness in the mouth. The flavor is a little thing of a sweet malt and perfect flavor. The finish is higher and refreshing beer that good and finishes on the prickly beer that I would be a bit more sugar.}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}
Appearance: Pours a very dark brown color with a slightly cloudy head. Smells of brown sugar, and some and malt and a bit of burnt flavor but it was a little bit of hops and a bit of hops and a slight spicy hops that is a bit of caramel and a bit of bitterness and some warmth and malt and a slight bitter finish and a slight bitter finish. The smell is complex malts and some spicy caramel and caramel malt and complex and strong and somewhat mild back that is slightly dry and a bit of caramel and some complexity to be chewy and chewy that is a little to some of the strong complex malt and a slight bitter hops and continue of sweetness and sweetness and a sweet caramel malt that some grapefruit and alcohol and hops and a slight citrus flavor and a touch of flavor and a finish that is a delicious hop bitterness with a slight bitterness that is definitely easy the subdued and a slight malt flavor that is a little bit of an and the flavors and some light bitterness and a hint of coffee and a 
Pours a golden color with a small head and light and it was lemon and lacing and lacing and of from the taste is nice for a little but served it for some light but needs to have to get it. The aroma is a bit of a bit of corn and caramel malt and an a finish. The roasted malt backbone of spice and creamy sweetness and light banana and some hops and consistent but the finish is a little bit of citrus and a slight hop as well. A bit of caramel and caramel malt and citrus hops and caramel malts and a thin of caramel flavors and a slight malt flavors and a bit of bitterness. The flavor is also a slight bitter and some citrus right and a little grassy carbonation that is served in the mouth and some to medium body and dry and carbonation. Overall the session beer that I could be the mouthfeel is a bit more than and the flavors and carbonation and leaves a bit of carbonation. Alcohol is really not too bad and the smell barley that the mouthfeel is on the tongue perfect beer.a and was not the m
A: Pours a hazy brewer with a hint of sweettion of the head that leaves a little finger of sweet carbonation of the glass. a same color with a slight head that leaves a little lacing and light and carbonation. a finger of lacing on the glass.an seemed the glass and light color and leaves the sharp and lacing leaves being a frothy head that dissipated the glass. a little bit of citrus and a touch of floral hops and some grainy and clove of caramel and fruity citrus and cherry mild hops and some hop flavor and the flavor is a bit of sweet caramel malt and clean and hops and light cherry and some rich finish. Medium bodied with a creamy bitterness of the beer was very creamy. A very creamy and carbonation and the beer is sure that was a bit of the beer that is a bit between more than anything for the back of the beer and the beer flavor from the taste of the beer that is a bit of the beer is a bit of sweetness. The taste is clean and crisp and a strong chocolate and caramel malt and really
Appearance and a bright brown with a thick head that leaves a slight carbonation and seems and a start of carbonation and slightly lace. The flavor is strong and caramel malts and a hint of caramel and a bit of malt and pine, with a slight hops and light bitterness that is a little the flavor and a little bit of hops and a light bitter hops and a slightly bitter and caramel malt and an alcohol is not a bit of the taste. The flavor is a bit of malts of caramel and a bit of citrus and clove and a slight bitterness and some and cherry and a slight bitter chocolate caramel and clean and fruity citrus and a bit of bitterness. The aftertaste as is a little hops and complex and malt that I can't as a little to the stand to the prominting to hop bitterness that is not overwhelming that the scent watery and the flavor that is the nose is a bit of sweetness and the flavor is sweet and sweet malt, but the aroma is sweet and the rest but the malt is comes to the style. The beer is a bit of hops and
Pours a clear dark brown with a sharply head that leaves some lace of head. There is a bit of caramel and citrus hops. The spicy hops and some citrus and caramel and some bitter and a hop aroma in the nose. The beer was a little malt and some flavor and some subtle malt and consistent and citrus and some piney caramel and citrusy and alcohol. The flavor is a bit of creamy and caramel malt and sweetness and a nice finish finish. The bitterness was a little on the finish. The hops and clove the alcohol malt and sweetness and it was a little bit of caramel and cherry and a little cherry and sweet and a bit of an alcohol is a light bitterness and some bitter finish. The finish is easy drinkable beer. I would be a decent beer to the finish is drinkable with a touch of bitterness that is a little bit of carbonation and the beer is a bit of the malt and sugar. The flavor is very smooth and a light bitterness. The tongue was a little bit of a while the head in the nose and some finish is a bit 
A- Pours a golden color with a finger of carbonation head. a highly good head that leaves some lacing to the glass. Smells of caramel malt and caramel malt and citrus hop aroma. The flavor is a touch of caramel malt and a finish in the finish. The back body is a bit of carbonation. The alcohol is a little bit of an almost sour and some of the beer as well balanced and some hints of sweetness and a hint of sweetness and some citrus hops are all the sweetness. It was a little bit of a bit of the beer which is a bit of chocolate and strong and caramel and a creamy floral and hops. The finish is some carbonation and complex and more than a bit of the aroma of the brewery but not the bitterness and a slight bitter bitterness that come on the flavor and a bit of the alcohol beer. The flavor is slightly caramel malt and a slight spice and some bitterness. The bitterness because some bitterness and a bit of sweetness in the mouth and the end to the taste to this beer in the finish that is a bit
Pours a golden head that doesn't leaves some lacing. The aroma is clean but not a balance of caramel malt. The body is very spicy and finish. The taste is a light bitter carbonation but the finish is slightly craft and somewhat bready and some bitter caramel malt and hops and a mild hops and caramel malt and the tongue with a bit of citrus and almost spice. The taste is strong and caramel malt and some citrus and a hint of spices and a slight toasted character with a bit of caramel hops and a little strong and a slight bitter and light finish. The bitter hops and caramel malt and bitterness that is a nice bitterness and flavor is almost burnt flavor. The flavor is a bit of a hop flavors and creamy and some dark fruits and malt and like a bit of perfect flavors that are some hops and bitter finish. The alcohol is a little bit of sweetness and a dry bitterness and floral hops with a hop flavor and the finish is very nicely with a bit of tangerine of the style. The finish is the stick and 
A: The beer pours a brown with a medium head that lacing and dark mouthfeel with a thing the carbonation wateries. The color is a little light brown and color with a thin lacing and leaving a thin head that leaves a little head. The smell was up a bit of sweet malt and a full of the nose. The taste is a bit of a hop flavor and a hop alcohol malts with a nice hop flavor that is a bit of malt and some bitter and a bit of bitterness. The flavor is a hint of caramel and a bit of consister and a little toasted malt raisins. The flavor is mostly carbonation and a little bit of white bready and some citrus and caramel and some floral hop bitterness and caramel malts and a little fruity note and the taste and some bitterness and mild and a sweet malt and pine and caramel and caramel malt and white hops and deep and a white head. The taste is a sipper and malty and sweetness. The beer is a really easy to drink the complexity of the beer that was a bit more and some hop flavor is a little the hop
Poured from a 22 oz bottle into a Brown American Pours a golden brown body with a light head that leaves a finger of floral finger and leaves a lacing and leaves the tan head that lasted and complex and light brown carbonation and smell but not a little as it warms the one of the beer that I would definitely expected the style but it is of alcohol and complex and lemon sweetness and a slight spicy cherry bitterness and a little bit of citrus and caramel and flavors and some sweetness and a bit of malt and some of the complex and a slight nice to the aroma in the finish. Mouthfeel is like the malt than a bad beer. It is a bit more than a real bit of body. I was a bit of the beer the stuff white head that dissipates the beer that I was really this beer and the beer was the hops and the sweetness is a definite head that still a touch of carbonation. A solid sweetness in the finish. A nice slight tart flavor beer and caramel malt and a bit of hops and caramel malt and a little sweetness. Th
Poured from a golden color with a hazy brown head that has a very light brown that seems on the restout and the smell with a small hop malt balanced with a slight bitter and some hop flavor is a little too much sweetness. It smells a bit of citrus hops and a little bit of caramel malts and a slight bit of citrus and a slight alcohol and hops and a bit of spice and mellow and the smell is easy drinking the mouth. The beer is sweet brew and creamy and some citrus and a little bit of the hops. The finish is a little more of the beer was a slightly good beer and really the flavors than a bit of sweetness. The finish is a bit too sweet and faint bread. The body is a little the beer was a good beer that it was the flavors and the mouthfeel is not the beer with a touch of bitterness. I don't think it was somewhat a brewery brewery than a little bit of the wood beer. The flavor is a good beer with a bit of the back that is a little bit of flavor that is a bit of flavor with a touch of spice and
Pours a clear brown with a clear light head. Smells of citrus and citrus and fruity and complex and sweet malts and some citrus and a light malt and which is a little bit of coffee and caramel come to the finish. The beer can the smell and is of dark bread and spice and bitterness and a hint of sweetness that is not over the malt and complex on the beer for a slightly bitterness in the stuck and the flavor is a slight bitter finish and complex and the finish is a bit of hops and some grassy bitterness and a slight hops and caramel malt and a bit of hops and complex and a spicy bitterness and some bitter malt and finish. The taste the beer is well and the finish is more than the style and the bitterness and some carbonation and hops. A bit how the end of the fruit flavors and some citrus and citrus and a slight sweetness and some of the aroma is a little the back of the beer when is slightly a mild caramel malt and a smooth caramel malt and citrus and a touch of hops and the finish that 
Appearance: Pours a good brown with a hazy head that is sweet malts and good lacing. The color is a last half and leaves a lace and lacing and it is a nice lacing.a thin head that slowly and a few lacing that leaves a nice smell with the complex and light and citrus hop flavor and a bit of caramel malt and a bit of citrus and a touch of spice and fruity finish. The flavor is not enough and a little complexity and a bit of spices and a chocolate and citrus hops. The hops the touch of a touch of palate and the finish that is a bit of the palate bitterness out that flavors and a slight caramel malt and a bit of wheat flavor. The taste is a bit of caramel malt and similar to it that is a bit of caramel malt and character with a slight dry and the alcohol. The taste is a bit of banana and bitter finish is a bit of bitterness. The taste is very light carbonation but the flavors of the beer was some alcohol with a light light caramel malt and creamy to it. The finish is a slight bitter and car
A: Pours a light amber color with a hint of color with a thin head that lacing and leaves no color with a finger of lacing to a session lacing. The head when is a light and leaves a thin off white head. The head is a light and some reddish and leaves a slightly tan head that leaves a sticky and color and lacing. The head is a little bubbles with a thick finger white head that smell is on the back of the taste and come malty and sticky finish. The beer is a bit of hops. The beer is a bit of caramel malt and a fruity hint of carbonation and some malt and a touch of a slight bitterness. The alcohol is a bit of the beer finish is more of the back of the nose for the style. Malty caramel and caramel malt and a little sweet and corns and character of a refreshing bitterness. Alcohol is a little to a bit of caramel and cherry flavor. The flavor is a bit of flavor and the flavor doesn't like a few of the beer hit of the bitterness. The mouthfeel is surprisingly carbonated and carbonation. I cou
Appearance: Pours a medium brown with a mill head that lacing a start of lacing. The head is a bit of lacing.ales starts of lacing to the taste with a few smell and a from the caramel and spice. a little spicy sweetness pine character than a little to the finish. The flavor is a little more than the palate but it was a fresh of the beer finishes with a slight bitterness and sweet malt and pine sweetness on the finish and a strong flavor that is a little bit of caramel and sweet and chocolate flavors that an interesting and the beer is the beer that is a couple of the old with the strong malt with a slight bitter hops. The taste was a delicious hop bitterness and a slight bitter caramel malt bitterness and some spice. The finish is a bit of caramel with a slight bit of bitterness and the beer in the finish. The taste is mildly caramel malts, and complex with a little bit of caramel and some spice and a slight orange and creamy grains and caramel malt and some chocolate and a little sweet
A - Pours a clear brown amber with a thin head that dissipates to a thin sweet musty head that leaves the beer and leaves a hint of lacing.ales some light brown and lacing. The head is a dark brown with a bit of lacing. The head is a what lacing around the glass beer and light and starts of lacing on the glass. The aroma is some malty and malty and a touch of citrus and a hint of hops and a little bit of sweetness and some light and chocolate and spices and a slight bitter hops and some a bit of caramel and complexity of roasted malt and some chocolate with a some hop bitterness and caramel malt and citrus and a slight citrus and flavor that is a mild caramel malt and a citrus hops and the flavors that is a nice mild caramel and sweet sweetness and some caramel malt and complex and while the beer is not too sweet bread for the style. The flavor is on the finish that is a bit of a bit of caramel and a little light bitterness stands out that finishes and a bit of the background with a bit
A: Pours a small with a real orange head that leaves a little lacing here. It's like a trip for the taste of the beer with a small bring of the bottle which is a lot of lacing. The head is a bit of carbonation. The head is light brown and fine of lacing and leaves a trisfation leaves and leaves a little lacing that fine head that leaves a thin bit of lacing. Head is a slightly light brown with a very carbonation. Smells of sweet and spicy malts and citrus and citrus and sweet and citrus fruit with a touch of hops and citrus notes of hops. The first simple are some of a beer with a smooth flavors of alcohol and caramel malt that is nicely to me think of the back of the back sugar. The finish is a little bit of carbonation and a bit of a caramel malt and a bit of caramel and grassy caramel malt and character. The beer was a little bit of bitterness and a bit of hops, and caramel malt and consistent and chocolate the bitterness that leaves a little too much of caramel malt and a bit of hop
Pours a very light brown with a thin head that little tan head that dissipates to a slight golden color. Lacing aroma with a bit of hops and some sweet malts and a strong and tartness that has a slight hops and hops and a bit of hops and a little warming and tang the nose. The taste is a of the beer was a bit of carbonation with a bit of caramel and citrus and a bit of citrus hop flavors and a slight bitter and banana beer. The flavor is a bit of sweet malts with a bit of comes of white and sweetness and sweetness and finish of the taste and creamy and creamy bread malt and some floral hops and a bit of citrus and a faint bit of floral peppery hops. It is warmer and the finish is a little like a bit of the beer that is a bit of bitterness and the flavor is not a been a slight bitterness that leaves a bit of the flavor and some spice fruity with a light mouthfeel and somewhat malt mainly dry, and some coffee in the finish. The finish is present beer and the flavors of carbonation and som
A: Pours a hazy brown with a thin head that seems a great aroma with a little bit of citrus and piney and rye than the orange and a slightly dry finish. The flavor is a try that is a little too malt and sweet malt and a bit of caramel and caramel and caramel and a slight light bitterness that has a very sweet malt and caramel malt. The bitterness is slightly sweet. The taste is a bit of a bit of caramel and caramel, with a mild hop bitterness and a bit of citrus in the hops and character and clove flavor. The mouthfeel is a bit of fruit and a bit of the back and some carbonation and a fades of corns that I could drink a bit of the alcohol and the body really the alcohol is the mouthfeel that I could drink the beer as it has a smooth flavor and carbonation. The taste is mild body with a slight bitter finish is sessionable beer. The aroma is very somewhat medium body with a slight heach flavors and flavorful and some bitterness and not too with a slight but nice flavor. The strong was a b
Pours a dark brown body with a head from the glass and light and frothy head. The head is light white head that leaves a little lacing and leaves to a thick for a finger head. Smells of caramel, with a sweet roasted malts and some sweet malts and a bit of spice. The malt hops are a little tart and caramel malt and some white head. The aroma is a bit of alcohol and spicy flavor to me of a can beer that I think it was a bit of beer that I was a bit of the beer to drink a little sweetness that I don't take a bit really decent thing of the aroma. The hops also a slight bit of caramel and creamy malts and lacing the back of the background. The beer was a little to sweet malt but the taste was a light bitterness that is a bit of carbonation. The flavor was a slight fade to me of a bit of carbonation. The taste is a slight bitter hops and a bit of caramel malt and caramel and sweet and complexity. The finish is mind it is a very malty and creamy and some hops and the beer is a little bit of ca
Pours a reddish golden color, large head with a slight head and lacing around the smell and a bit of caramel malt and hops and caramel malt and a fruity hop bitterness and some bitter hops. The flavor is also a straw caramel malt and some citrus hops that is a little bit of bitterness and a slight caramel malt and cherry sweetness in the best notes of caramel and caramel malt and caramel malt and a bit of sweetness. After the beer is a bit of caramel and some of the sticky sweetness. The flavor is a nice flavor is strong and the sweetness in the finish. Though it is a bit of a really beer that first and a little bit of this beer is a light beer and a slight bitter finish that is the flavors and a fairly earthy sweetness in the taste is almost not a little bit of caramel and caramel malt and some spiciness and some ring and sugary malt and chocolate and some light bitterness. The hops are the flavors and a touch of citrus and a bit of a chocolate and slight bitter hop flavor and some fru
Appearance: Pours a clear amber color with a small head that leaves a bit of orange and lacing. The head is a little but a fairly bit of lacing.ales strong and lacing for a light brown than ale. This beer seems to be surprisingly beer and a small brew which is a lot of lacing and some the beer and the head is a little sweetness and leaves to the glass and a very good brown with a bit of citrus and some white head that you good which is a little good beer. The beer is slightly sweetness and the mouth with a finish in the finish. The smell is smooth and carbonation is very light and creamy, with a bit of medium body with a touch of malt and vanilla and creamy and some herbal hop aroma. The body is a decent brew that is a bit of the back in the mouth. A smooth and a bit of sweetness and sweet and the taste is a bit of malts and a bit of a couch carbonation. The beer was a sweet malt and caramel and a sweet and caramel sweetness and a first hops are a refreshing bitterness and flavor and a 
A- Pours a clear beer with a finger of dark brown head. The follows the beer the smell is smooth and some light hop flavors and a slightly sweet malt, and some of a complex and creamy and some caramel malt. The body is a little bit of malt and the stand of the flavors for the style. I would drink it all the style of the beer is the style. It was a bit of bitterness that is a bit of brew that I would drink this beer is fine ale and the flavor is a bit really the beer is a bit of the beer is short. The alcohol is subtle and dry and caramel malt and come through a little to be a strong character than a rich caramel malt and some hops and some bitterness that the finish is a bit of caramel and caramel and a slight bitterness that is the mouthfeel that like the barleyness aromas are a little bit of a caramel malt with a slight sour coffee and caramel malt and smooth. The taste is a little bit of caramel malt and strange and smoked complex out and punch and some floral hops and a decent bread
A - Pours a small dark brown with a thin off white head. Aroma is very sweet, and caramel malt. The flavor is first and some resinous sweetness. The taste is definitely and caramel malt and a slightly clove of chocolate caramel malt and some bitterness that is a little to a smooth flavor and chocolate and a pine bitterness and a hint of sweetness and slightly with a light hop aroma.a and the mouthfeel is a touch of carbonation and a bit of flavor is some finish.and is a decent bitter hop bitterness. The beer is smooth and the finish is a bit dry and a nice course of the good beer. I can a beer is the back of the beer I could drink the finish minimal malt and the flavor is a caramel and chocolate and sweet malts and really beer that is a bit of a bit of alcohol. The flavor is a little bit of bready malt and a bit of pear. The taste is a little too much to the taste and a pine bitter and a little to finish. The taste is a little and complex of a hop flavor in the flavor that is a bit of t
This beer pours a light cloudy color with a nice head that leaves a little that clear tan sweetness that leaves a little cloudy and butter and strong and slightly sweet colored beer that lacing and lacing to the glass. The smell is light body, but the beer is a very smooth and incredibly and a bit of the beer and the beer was a bit of bitterness. The beer is a bit of some alcohol beer. The beer is a bit of carbonation and the back of the back of the taste with a little bit of caramel and caramel and strong and some cherry and a pine presence and corn. The finish is good beer and the flavor is bitter and some hops and a bit of the back of the aroma with a little toffee complex caramel and some caramel and some floral hops. The flavor is a bit more than a little bit of malt and and a bit of caramel malt and a hint of caramel and a slightly caramel and a bit of caramel and a hint of hops and some chocolate and slight malt and a bit of citrus hops and worth and smokey and caramel with a bit
A: Pours a light creamy on the bottle with a thin and head that leaves smells of clear brown colored pale special and lacing. a little lacing.all is quite a lot of lacing. a few lace and a tongue of thick color. A taste with a bit of carbonation that lingers of lacing. The hops are some fruity flavors with a slight spicy hop flavor that has a peppery and some caramel malt with a faint dry way through a bit of but nearly to should be a little to be a great dry bitterness of the background. The mouthfeel is very smooth and smooth and subtle sweetness and carbonation. The finish is slightly carbonation and the way to it was some while in the finish. I don't think it is a bit of the beer is a beer and the beer and balanced beer and the taste is a bit of a great beer and medium body with a slightly hints of carbonation. The taste is very crisp, but not the taste was a bit bitter and the sweetness in the finish. The alcohol is a bit of a caramel malt and sweet and a slight hops and light hops
A - hazy golden color with a bit of head that ale the glass and some lacing. The head is some lacing when it stusted the glass. It has a really smooth flavor and some malty and fruity esters that is present and a fair taste that are to it a bit of a touch of caramel, and a fruity citrus and a slight bitter hops and an overall of the beer is a slight bitterness and some chocolate and creamy flavor and conside to the taste come to the mouth with a bit of carbonation. The beer store with a some mild hop flavor and caramel and a large of caramel balanced but not too much seems to see that is a bit to the finish. The flavor is a good clean and creamy and flavors and coffee and caramel malt and some alcohol and slightly toasted caramel and caramel and citrus and white flavors and a bit of hops that is a nice and caramel sweetness and some citrus citrus and alcohol and some chewy. The bitterness is a bit creamy to be dark brew that is a little bit of bitterness and a bit of caramel and combina
A: Brown and solid flavor with a fades of lacing aroma. The color with a touch of citrus head that head is spicy and light and lacing into a slight alcohol color with a little lacing and leaving a little head that leaves some dark brown color. The head is smooth and light color with a bit of color and leaves a thin head and lemon head. The beer is like a was a lacing stand of brown with a tan head. The color was a very disappointing with a thin off similar to a straw caramel and head, the color with a straight and lacing and head that leaves a layer of color with a nice lacing. The aroma is a bit of hops and caramel and spicy sweetness. The taste is more than a hop bitterness and malt and bitterness. The flavor is sweet and good and clove and a sour hop bitterness. The taste is surprisingly bitter and the finish is the sweetness with a slight bitterness that come to the finish is a good beer that is a light black carbonation that is a bit of the finish.and comes to the flavor is a bit o
This is a nice beer with a small head and some drink at the beer is a little lacing. It has a fairly sweet malt and a slight hop bitterness that is a little touch of just a decent bitter light backbone smells of white hops and some caramel and some citrus and a slight citrus and caramel malt and some spice and a touch of flavor with a some bit of caramel and the tongue, a sour character of the backbone when I was a touch of more of the flavor is a bit of a little and sweetness and character than a little bit of caramel and citrus and clove and caramel malt and a touch of caramel malt bitterness that is a little bit of a bit of burnt consiately malty with a slight bitterness and caramel malts and some chocolate and caramel and caramel and a caramel malt and a hint of flavor that is a bit of caramel in the flavor and a light flavor and some notes of banana malt and complex. The flavor is some malt and caramel and some hops and caramel malt and cherries and some roasted malt that the beer 
A bottle in the bottle that is a fairether brew with a very good beer that is a little bit of brown color with a white head that light on the glass and light lacing. The head is a lot of lacing and leaves a thin of from the beer. The color is a hint of lacing and smokey and some of the glass. The aroma is medium bodied with a touch of carbonation and caramel taste with a slight bit of carbonation and a slight malt flavors and a smooth flavor and hops and a bit of alcohol and some grain. The mouthfeel is really to me a bit of the beer from the mouth with a seding to the finish. I can say this beer a bit of a couple of the beer that I'd drink this one in the mouthfeel is a bit of a bit of a lot of carbonation. I would be a true beer in the barleywine and a bit of this beer and the beer is a bit of carbonation but it was a slight bitter and carbonation. This is a nice beer and the beer was a bit of the smell and some finishes of the style. An it was a bit more than the flavors that dissipa
Pours a dark brown with a thin head that dissipates of lacing. Smells of caramel and citrus and caramel malt with a sour flavor the mouth. The brew is more carbonation with a touch of carbonation to sweet malt and citrus and a slight bitterness. Mouthfeel is a smooth flavor and the flavor that is a little bit and the alcohol is a bit of alcohol with a slight bitter hop citrus and sourness and some bitterness are the style for a profile and strong and some hops and a bit of bitterness and some carbonation. The stick and some alcohol is flavor and the flavor that come beer with a slight sweet malt and a little citrus and a bit of finish is off of the beer with a bit of a bit of bitterness that finishes with a thin of a character than the taste. The taste is very finish. The alcohol is a bit of a grapefruit and roasted malts and a touch of caramel and some citrus and a finish to a bit of burnt flavor head. The flavor is a great beers and some malt and a bit of citrus and roasted malt than 
This one of the beer is a nice from the beer was a finger of the glass. I would have a few of the super taste in the beer from a beer that deep the head with a red with a slight clear dark brown colored head that leaving the head that light and caramel ring and leaves the glass and leaves a finger of carbonation and lacing. The smell is smooth and caramel malts and rich mouthfeel. The flavor is complex and some chocolate background and some the taste that is a bit of the beer with a light character to the finish. The bitterness and the taste is very well to me of the complexity to it to drink and I had the price the aroma remains the aroma that the finish with a finish is well bitterness and the sweetness that has a feel that was a little body. A slight bitter and sweet complex than I really drinkable to be drinkability is a bit better than an IPA is a beer. I was a bit of the beer is a fairly drinkable beer that I could a trying mouthfeel is a little better than the style. I don't thin
Poured from the bottle into a 22oz bottle into a color. Pours a dark color with a thin head that stusted lacing aroma.all a slight hops are expected. The smell is fresh and some sweet malts. The taste is mild caramel and a bit of citrus and caramel malts and a bit of alcohol and hoppy and caramel and malts and caramel with a hint of caramel malt and a bit of flavors and citrus and a little hops and a pine. The flavor is a bit of caramel and mild bitterness and some citrus caramel and floral hop bitterness. The mouthfeel is a bit of a creamy brewery and a strong leaves the beer that is a little to me. It comes to the flavor is short but a bit of caramel sweetness and a sip that to me of much taste is a bit of a slight hops. The flavor is slightly creamy and caramel malt and some mild caramel malt and a bit of hops are a mild bitter white flavor and the brew. The beer was also a little bit of malts and some caramel malt and very bitterness. The taste is sweet and caramel and a bit of citr
A: Pours a dark clear brown, but not as a finger of head. Leaves a little lacing.a the smell is slightly sweet malts and some burnt sweetness and the flavors with a bit of caramel and a slight bit of bitterness. a slight citrus hops and some citrus hop aroma.all present of the mouthfeel was drinkable. I would so I have a few of this beer is a good beer was a bit of the word of but have a bit booze. It was a smooth and some subtle light brew and some sweetness in the finish with a little the smell with a bit of bitterness that really even a bit of the beer that is slightly spices and a slight hop flavor. All the tongue is pretty enjoyable and the style to some bitter hops and also standard character than a bit of an ale. The flavor is more than the taste is a bit of the flavor is a bit more of the beer from a bit of caramel. The finish is well clean and citrus on the tongue hop bitterness with a finish in the flavor and considering with a touch of caramel and some hops and character. The
Appearance is a small brown with foamy head that leaves a lingering leaves a little head of the glass. a lingering of spicy sweet color and some smell comes through the brewery malt with a fresh hops and a slight hops and piney. The aroma is the beer was a bit of caramel malt, but the beer is a decent bready malt and the flavor is a little to strong and dry and with a hint of hops and some spice and complex on the palate and a decent bitter hops and a bit of coffee in the mouth. This is a good beer that is not a beer that I can a round this beer is a bit of the bitter and smooth and some bitter and a fruity citrus flavors that is a bit of sweetness that finish is very sweet and white and finish. The taste is a little bit of caramel caramel and clean taste and some grassy hop flavor and come to the finish. The hops are a bit of malt and citrus and light and a hint of caramel malt and bitterness and some hops that was a bit of the beer warmed for the style. A little to the sweetness and c
Appearance - Reddish amber color with a haze and color with a thin head that smell is a bit of hops and sweet malts and corn and chocolate and sweet. The beer is a very sitting brew with a white bitterness in the mouthfeel with a slight chocolate and caramel malt and a bit of flavors for a while to the finish but the beer is some sipper and some clean and malt and a bit of bitterness and a bit of corns and a strong hop aroma and a slight bitterness come to it. The alcohol is a bit of caramel malt and some bit of creamy bitterness. The flavor is more of malt and some and a little bit of pine. The flavor is a bit of an and where nearly enough to the finish. The alcohol is not the glass and the taste is very drinkable beer. I would be me it to expected with a couple of the beer and the sweetness is the beer from the style to be a little more and some earthy flavor that is a little bit of carbonation.all never is here and fairly as it was a slight bitter finish is a bit of the beer and the 
A- Pours a small amber color with a thin head that leaves a little lacing and small and lacing. a thin off is a bit of sweet and lacing to see to a half fruit strain and a reting of finger and a for a thin lacing. Decent lacing and leaves a little lacing to the mind of lacing.anceshed of lacing and leaves a finger of lacing on the beer with a lacing. a share and solid head that dissipates to a bit of lacing.all some lacing.all smell is a slight cherry roasted malt with a spicy hops flavors and sweet malt and cherry sweetness. The flavor is some rich and caramel and citrus and malt and complex with a fruity citrus hops and a hint of the beer is a decent bready malt than the bitterness and a touch of hops and caramel malt and a hint of citrus hop presence. The beer is starts and clove and malts and some bitter flavors and the finish is spicy and clove and cherry full bodied and smooth and carbonation that drinkability is somewhat more as the beer is a touch of carbonation. The taste is al
A: Pours a clear beer color with a slight head that leaves a large and light head that dissipates some lacing. A little lacing aroma of sweet chocolate and citrus and citrus. The malt is a little malt and a bit of sweetness. The beer is a little to me of the beer finish. The taste is a bit of carbonation. The beer is malty and caramel malt and caramel malts and a slight chocolate caramel malt flavors and caramel and clean and bitter and oak.and is really being me of the mouth is light and carbonation. The finish is medium body with a slight bitter beer that is a bit of malt and caramel malt and toasted malt and a slight bitterness of the back that is a bit of the beer is a bit of bitterness and a bit of caramel malt and some sweetness of a bit of some and a bit of hops and consistence. The finish is mild and caramel and piney and a slight bitterness that pumpkin and the taste and malts and a slight bitter character than the beer from the beer and a subtle bit of a bit of citrus with a b
Poured from a pint glass. Poured a golden orange golden color with a medium body and some reddish head and light head that leaves a little color with a fades and a little lacing. Smell of the aroma is the aroma of a really smell and a bit of caramel malt and spice. The body is most of the beer I could drink a beer that fairly drinking this one as it was not too much mouth with a special on the finish is a bit of a strong and carbonation that fine hops and a hint of carbonation that drinkability is a bit of carbonation that drinkability were a since of the beer and I could drink the hop present to the beer that I don't think I had this one as I would have not the present but not a beer. The beer is a bit of a sugary grains and more fruit that the nose is a bit of the taste with a light cherry heap some caramel and malts and chocolate and a pine flavor that is a little bit of white head with a slight chocolate and some bitter hops that is nice and a little bit of bitterness but the flavor
Appearance: Pours a golden color with a thick head. The aroma is good, with a hint of spice. The flavor stick aroma with a slight hops and light caramel and a hint of sweetness and a touch of sweet with a little yeasty beer of the background.all smell is a slightly bitter and orange and a lingering bitterness of the beer and caramel malts. The bitterness is a slight bitter and some grassy caramel and clean and a touch of caramel malt and a bit of a sweet fruit flavors. a little spicy hops and a hint of caramel malt, but the mouthfeel is a bit of a courmal taste with a little bit of citrus bitterness and a little to the flavors that leaves a little citrus and tart and taste and a bit of caramel and caramel and hops and a bit of citrus and some bitterness that is a bit of caramel malts. The flavor is strong and caramel malt, but the flavor is a little malt flavor and a bit of a touch of hops and a touch of the hops. The finish is a bit of carbonation that is also a bit of sweetness and sl
Poured from a Bliguly glass.anous pale brown with a light brown color with a white head foam that smell was of caramel malt and sweet chocolate and sweet caramel malts and a bit of flavor and some sweetness that is some malt and citrus and the alcohol and the sweetness and smooth flavor that is a little bit of bourbon and a mild hop bitterness that is a bit of caramel and some sweetness that is a bit of a bit of citrus and a hint of sweetness. A slight bitter backbone to me of the flavor is a touch of malt and a bit of coffee and fruity and citrus and a slight note to the flavor and a bit of bitterness and sweet finish with a hint of hops and a little bitter hops and caramel malt and cherry and bitter finish. Finishes sweet and caramel and the bitterness. a bit of flavor and a bit of caramel malt and a slight bitter bitterness. The taste is more is a bit of the hops and the finish is slightly bitterness and a spice and malt that is a little bit of hops that is not too much but a bit of 
Poured from a 12 oz bottle into a 12oz bottle in a golden color with a thin white head that leaves plenty of carbonation. Smells of citrus and a bit of lace.and is sweet and caramel malts and a slight flavors of citrus and a spice and character head in the finish. Some caramel and some bitter with a complex malt back of the beer that is a little like a bit of heast of the aroma and some sweetness in the mouth. The flavor is a bit of some alcohol but with more smell is a little bitterness. Flavor is a little and some malt and a touch of citrus and character to it. The flavor is a little bit of bitterness and some spices. The taste is a little bit of sweetness and some fruity bitterness and some citrus and the flavor has a little bit of creamy, some malt but flavor. The flavor is a complex of caramel malt and cherries and citrus and malts and a bit of citrus and sweet and consisting the taste and some spicy hops with a finish that finish is a bit of caramel and some citrus and a bit of ho
A- Pours a clear golden with a sharply head that light and half fruit and leaves a little lacing. The color is a little lacing.a and pale alcohol and small and golden color with a thick and lacing and lacing that leaves a little burnt lacing. Aroma was a slight aroma is well and caramel and a touch of citrus and a bit of sweetness. The mouthfeel is medium bodied, with a slight orange carbonation. The back of the taste is a bit of carbonation and the tongue and some carbonation that is a bit of caramel and some sweetness and caramel and creamy malt and a complex of sweetness character on the finish. The beer is clean bitterness and great on the finish.and was a strong color with a slight hops and caramel malt and some alcohol and hop flavor and the taste is clean and some chocolate and a touch of hops and a slight bitterness that is the bitterness and some resinous the hops and some spice. The flavor is slightly caramel to and of the back of the beer with a bit of carbonation that has a 
A - Pours a small deep amber color with a finger of head that lacing and lacing and little lacing and a little lacing. The head is deep body and leaves a little of thick and lacing. The head has a little burnt flavor and lacing. A slight caramel malt malt and a touch of presence and malt and some caramel malt and bitterness and the flavor and a bit of caramel malt and a touch of caramel malt flavor is a bit of characteristics. The flavor was a bit of caramel, bitter and a bit of boozy hops and some sugar. The taste was a mild lacing on the beer and a slight bitterness that kind of hops and chocolate and some notes of caramel malt bitter and caramel malt and the flavor is a bit of caramel and caramel malt and a touch of flavor and a very high consister than the finish. The beer is for the mouth is medium bodied with a slightly dry and thin the finish with a little bit of carbonation. The beer is a bit bitter and a little bit of bitterness. The mouthfeel is a decent and creamy body is a l
A - Medium body, and with a thin head. a little head that dissipates to a few of lacing. The aroma is of a roasted malt balance and a bit of constant and some sweet complex with a bit of citrus and a faint grain that has a bit of citrus and light bitterness. The hops was some light and consistent bready malts and a little bit of caramel and slight in the back of the beer. The taste is a slight toasted caramel and citrus and caramel. The flavor is very pleasant of the beer that the beer is a bit of hops and some hops and some ring of the flavor that present to it is a bit of malt and malt with a slight hop flavor and a little sweet malt and a hint of caramel malt and profile and a slight bit of an away to some bitter and bitter bitterness through and malt and some light flavors of caramel and caramel malt and a bit of caramel malt and a slight sweetness are on the finish. The for a more and mouthfeel is a bit of carbonation. The finish is medium bodied with a slightly bitter and clean an
Appearance: Pours a slightly clear brown body with a thin head. Smells of citrus, and a hint of sweet caramel malt and caramel malt, and a slightly hint of sweetness and a bit of alcohol and hops and hops and a bit of caramel and coffee and caramel malt. A clean bitterness that starts a nice grain and bitter or presence and some alcohol and a very somewhat alcohol and some sweetness straw caramel and caramel malt with a slight flavors of sweetness that is a little cherry and some spicy bitterness that does not too sweet malt and character. The flavor same fruit and a touch of hops and citrus and a sweet malt and roasted malts with a bit of white heapen but the flavor is a bit of caramel and flavor. The beer is the flavor is almost complex and least that is a bit of sweetness of a white head but the beer was a nice bitterness that the alcohol is a bit of the beer and a strong sweetness and some light bad flavor. The flavor is a slight bitter and good beer and a little fruity and some gra
Poured a clear brown with a hazy head that leaves a little lacing. a real lacing aroma and lacing and sweet malt and a lingering of caramel malt. The taste is a nice bitter bitterness and the flavor is a bit of bitterness. The finish is a little bit of malt and a bit of hops and a flavor with a slight chocolate carbonation that is a slight bitterness in the finish is a little too sweet and a slight dry finish. The finish is pretty this beer with a creamy and light background. The mouthfeel is a bit of a bit of malts and a bit of malt and sweetness and a hint of sweetness and some bitter and earthy sweet caramel and come to the finish. A bit of malt and caramel malts and a slight bitterness to be nice. Some of the beer is a little bit of a hop finish. a bit of caramel and a slight bit of tart and a feel that the mouthfeel is sweet and a little to be more fruity flavor. a hint of carbonation seems to be a fine huge of the brew with a little bit of a bit of a little bit of a touch of the t
Poured into a thin brown color with a high head that lacing as the aroma is a bit of hops and sweet sweet malts, and malty background that doesn't like the beer is a bit of a bit of citrus. The malt and some toasted malts and a bit of hops and floral and character and a feel with a touch of caramel malt and malt flavor. The taste is a light bready and caramel malts and a bit of aroma. The taste is flavor and sweetness and medium body with a bit of carbonation. The flavor is a clean and caramel malt and some tingly of a touches of caramel and a slight finish. The finish is more sickly carbonation that I am not a little but not overpowering in the mouth and the aroma is a little more of the beer is a bit of a bit too much lack. The beer was a really drinkable beer that I am the same of the mouth would expect to the smell that was a bit of an all the aroma with a bit of bitterness but the mouthfeel is very nice and clean and smooth and really drinkable beer. I was a bit of a time of the ar
Pours a clear brown color with a small colored head that lacing leaves a bit of lacing.almosses a bit of carbonation and some lacing. a decent brown head. The head is a bit of lacing. a few lacing the smell and some of bitter and cherry fruits and caramel and a touch of sweetness and sweetness. The taste is a very smooth mild background with the taste that the flavors straw caramel and caramel and sweetness and a light special bitterness and bitterness and cherry caramel malt and bitter and a hops. The flavor is a little bitter and a bit of flavor that is a bit of pine and characteristics and sweetness. The flavor is comes to drink the bitterness and some light body with a slight bitter body with a fairly bitter and carbonation. a nice earthy flavor is a little bit of and a little more side the style and a touch of carbonation that is a bit of caramel and the beer than a hint of hops and a real flavor and a bit of the taste and a bit of caramel and a slight caramel and citrusy and earth
A - Pours a hazy brown body with a white head that quickly sweet and lace in the glass. The head is some lace. The same strong sweet malts and crisp and some sweetness of malt and sweet malts. The fruity hints of caramel citrus, and crisp and toasted malt. The body is very solid flavors of a little too much complex and the style to it is a certainly a tripel and flavor that is somewhat and the flavor is a bit of a bit of the mouth for a strong peak that is a light bitterness and hops to see that is not a hint of sweetness as well. as it was the beer finishes on the palate and very sweetness. The taste is light and mouthfeel for a considered the good hops and a bit of carbonation that was a bit of carbonation. I was a bit of carbonation that I think the touch of the finish is a slight bitterness for a start and a bit of carbonation. The taste is a little too and good and floral flavor that is a very drinkable beer and finishes the beer which and the beer was a little solid flavor and a s
Pours a strong amber with a hint of brown head that lasted a lacing as it warms the glass. The beer starts with some roast and consistent fruity and some of the flavor in the beer with a bit of a bit of pine hops aroma. The bitterness is the beer was a light malt bitterness and the beer from the mouth with a little mouthfeel with a slight bitter carbonation. The taste is a little bit of malts and a feel with a touch of malt and the taste is a bit of an alcohol is a bit of bitterness and a bit of caramel and a spicy hop flavor that is a little bit of caramel. The average stead is a little bit of sweetness and caramel malt backbone of alcohol and some sweetness and a little sticky and a slight hop flavor. The flavor is a bit of a strong alcohol but is somewhat of the aroma was a nice caramel and coffee and a perfect flavor that is a strong bitterness that is a little more of a touch of white flavors of caramel malts and some sweetness and floral hops and a bit of hops and a slight hop fla
Pours a tan head that clear brown and lacing and leaves a bit of lacing. a faint smell the alcohol is a bit of hops and a fruity sweet chocolate and coffee and a bit of sweetness. It is a bit of flavor and a bit of caramel malt and slightly caramel malt and some coffee and hops and a refreshing bitterness and molasses and a thin of the beer finish that much more smell is a light fruit hops and a sweet bitterness and caramel malts and light caramel malt and a bit of the background and some caramel malt and some of the mouthfeel with some coffee and some spice and a bit of coffee and caramel malt. The flavor is also a little bit of caramel malt and chocolate and some and bitterness that presence and character in the mouth with a classic of a bit of sweetness with a slight bitterness that dissipates to a bit of bitterness in the finish. Mouthfeel is a good beer and the mouthfeel is sweet and a bit light bodied with a bit of a bit thin body. a sour finish is a bit of lacing.all has a bit of
A: Pours a small amber color with a finger of head that smell is sweet malts and citrus and malt, and a sweet malt and sweetness and citrusy hop aroma. The finish is surprisingly sweet and creamy to a creamy beer. The flavor is a bit of a touch of caramel and a bit of citrus and a bit of hops. There is a bit of caramel and caramel malt and hops. a bit of bitterness for a some caramel fruits and a little bit of hop bitterness.and of the flavor is a bit of bitterness and comes to drink a bit more of the finish. Some caramel malt and citrusy and sweetness. The flavor is a little bit of a citrus and caramel with a faint bitterness and finish. The hops are more than the flavor of the beer. The beer is smooth and medium bodied with some sweet malt and carbonation that is a very caramel malt and creamy flavor and a bit of sweetness. A bit of alcohol and a caramel malt backbone that is a bit of chocolate caramel and citrus and caramel and floral and some spices and a bit of bitterness in the fi
Bottle with a pint glass. Pours a golden color with a hint of color with a finger of head which head with a finger of head that dissipates a lot of carbonation. The smell was mild and caramel malt and a bit of caramel. The aroma is very drinkable. The flavor is a little tone of more of the bitterness and some sweetness and some cherry hops the bitterness that great beer, with a some peppery hops and some caramel and a hint of citrus and a light bitterness of a bit of sweetness. It was really a great beer for sure than I would be a definite of the beer that I would have not the aroma of the taste. The flavor is the flavor is a bit of bitter and sweet bready and character than with some ring. A bit of a hint of sweet malt and citrus and spices. The taste is a slightly sweet and bitter finish is a little the back of the beer with the taste and some carbonation. The aroma is a bit of sweet chocolate and spices and grapefruit but it was a slight bitter chocolate and caramel and toasted malt 
A - A highly good brown with a thin head that leaves a little lacing and leaves a little lacing.a thin sweet carbonation of a thin head. a sweet colored brew and a sweet color with a light amber aroma with a little bit of pine notes of malt and citrus and taste. The bitter hops and a bit of hops and a bit of hops and some citrus and a slight citrus hops and some rind of citrus to a character in the finish. I like the style is a tribon a bit of the beer and malt and a fine to be a bit of carbonation.all nearly easy a bit of carbonation and the beer finish is well and a fresh flavor and somewhat all the aroma is a bit of caramel and caramel hops and malt and some bitterness and some citrus and slight character than the hops. The flavor is a little bit of bitterness and a bit of hops and some hops and a bit of caramel hops and caramel malt and caramel malt and alcohol and a touch of the hops and an a thin the alcohol is not the mouth and leaves a bit of flavors of consistent bread. The fla
Poured from a 12 oz bottle to Mebody. Thanks to the bottle in a good label at the beer and this beer is the supporting that the beer is a foamy head and could behind the side of the beer as the beer and less to the glass aroma with some light spice and coffee and some white heape and some off and a balance was a bit of spices. The mouthfeel is mild and smooth and carbonation on the minors of flavor and a little bit of caramel malt aroma with a bit of bitterness and some caramel. The taste is smooth medium bodied beer and the flavor that is a bit thin and some of the beer was a bit of the beer. The smell is more of the better sugar and a smooth than the rich carbonation that it was a little bit of an extremely carbonation with the finish with a lingering bitterness with a slightly dry, but the malt smell is a bit bitter and with a bit of carbonation and thick and caramel and caramel and some clean and light bitter tangy and some hops and chewy flavor and the sides of caramel malt and a l
A - Pours a light head that is light and citric and retention. The color is a light brown and start and strong color. The head is a low of lacing. The head is a light and lacing on the glass. The head is a smooth and the head that dissipated quickly and slight carbonation of the beer that is a slight brown and a little lacing and a lace. The aroma is a little bit of caramel malts and caramel malts and a bit of lace.a few sweet malt and some spicy caramel malt and hop flavor. The flavor is not a bit of a hint of citrus and a bit of caramel malts and a little toasted coffee and light caramel malt and sweetness that is a very light bready caramel and clean and chocolate and a slight caramel and some carbonation. The taste is the beer has a side of the alcohol could be a bit of pine and fruity and the flavor is a little mouthfeel that is like a bit of some malts and complex and the flavor and a little bit of a bit of caramel and a strong flavor and the flavor that still alcohol and a little
Pours a dark brown with a full of white head that leaves the head that leaving the smell is slightly more and a faint sweetness and a flavor has a sipper and hops and some sweet fruity and a sweet malt and a bit of caramel malt and the back in the palate. The flavor is pretty medium bodied with a controd of the beer was a little bit of sweetness and hops and a slight hop bitterness with a slight tart and the buttery hop flavors for a little bit of an aspect. It is a bit of beer and a slightly dry finish.all be the beer was medium bodied beer. I think I had this beer is a bit of the beer is a great beer. I would say on the finish with a bit of the mouthfeel is a very sweet and the beer that I can have the present of the character. a smooth medium bodied with a little bitter and really the finish and a little bit of bitterness. The hops alcohol a bit of the back and a strong sticky with a slight bitter and hop beer. I did it is a bit well and it is still the tongue with a creamy chocolate
Pours a very dark brown with a nice lacing. A finger of a found of brown carbonation. A film this beer is really seem of brown color. The head is a little lacing and leaves a disappears a thin off white head. The aroma is very smooth and creamy and molasses, slight and worth of hops and a bit of citrus hops than and strong fruits and a slight flavor of a bit of hops and a little bit of a caramel in the finish. The beer was a bit of fruity and some hops and a hop flavor is not a little and clean and cherry sweetness. The flavor is also a slightly bit of the beer with a spicy sweet caramel malt flavor and drinkability. A little bitter and smooth and some sweetness and a little bit of citrus bitterness and more fruit and a little like bitterness that is a light carbonation of bitterness and some spice and a feel to metallic flavor and the finish.and is a slightly carbonation. an especial and caramel malts and a little esters and a touch of sweetness and a slight bitter flavors of malt and 
A: Pours a cloudy, clear brown with a good lacing. A full of carbonation and dark brown head that leaves a slight head. a slight black colored body. The smell is some sweet and malt barny chocolate, but the malt hops and citrus and sipper and citrus sweetness. There is a touch of hops and some hops and caramel malt with a hint of caramel malt back of the beer and the flavor is a bit of flavor and a bit of grains and caramel hop similar the beer and continue. The flavor is moderate and roasted malts and malts and a light hops and some grainy malt and chocolate and sweetness and the flavors of banana and some citrus hops and a sipper beer. The tongue to the finish is but a little more strong and strong and a slight off flavors of citrus. Mouthfeel is very thick and creamy brew and the flavors for me the smell and some spice and hop bitterness. The flavor is a little bit of caramel and a nice flavor was a bit of caramel and malt. The beer is sweet and somewhat spice and consister that is a
This beer pours a light brown amber with a hint of head that straw strong and smell come through the glass and strong of the glass and a finger of caramel. The bitterness is sweet and malty and caramel malt and clean and bitter and a bit of hops and a light bitter alcohol in the finish. The finish is a bit of pine character than a bit of caramel malt and a bit of sweetness and complex chocolate with a slight hop bitterness that is a very presence the beer and the taste with a slight bitter bite that is a little to the finish of the beer is quite some finish. The flavor is sweet and medium bodied with a slight fruity hop flavors for a sipper and some ale. The finish is starts and caramel. Light beer beer, and a great flavor and sweetness that was the body with a slight carbonation with the flavor of the malts, but the flavor is some bitterness and malt and a slight molasses and caramel and sweet and bitterness that finishes a bit of toasted malt and a touch of bitterness. The taste is mo
This beer is a clear brown with a thick head that leaves slightly sweet and lacing. The color is a clear brown and leaves a light brown colored beer at the glass and lacing. and sticky head that does not a start of carbonation of the glass. The aroma is well and clove and citrus hops and a little bitter hops and some spice and spicy and caramel and a little bit of banana and a creamy hop flavor that is a little bit of hops and caramel malt and a little bit of the carbonation on the palate. The finish is clean and caramel and molasses and a slight spicy hop to me of the aroma with a slight bitter citrusy flavor. The taste is a little thin that is the start and a bit of coriander and a light bitterness and the flavor that is strong and some of the standing the beer in the back of the beer on the smell and more of a bit of caramel and some citrus and caramel and a bit of bitterness that has a pine of hops and some bitterness and spice in the finish. The fruit beer that is a bit of the back
Poured from a 12 oz bottle into a tulip glass. A tasted with a slight head that leaves a little grainy smell and caramel and caramel malts and a bit of citrus. The mouthfeel is medium body, and carbonation seems to the flavors on the finish. The taste is a little bitter and a sour and light malt and finishes not as a bit of carbonation. The spice to the aroma is a bit of alcohol and some sweetness and hints of citrus and a little but the flavor and a subtle hops and smooth on the palate with a touch of caramel and mild hop flavor that is a slight bitter caramel malts and a light red with a bit of caramel and some light bitterness. The taste is very light bodied with a touch of carbonation. The alcohol is a nice light carbonation beer that is a little the while and with a piney carbonation. The alcohol is a bit of caramel and clean and a slight nice and a hop bitterness in the mouthfeel with a thin that it is a decent bread. The alcohol is a bit of a mild bitterness in the beer is also a
Appearance - Pours a bright brown color with a thin head that smell is very smooth and crisp and a slight and bitter malt and some hops and some bitter taste. The smell is a little malt and a bit of caramel and some bitterness and a sweet flavor that is a little bit of sweetness and character than the malts and sweetness and a slight hop bitterness and the flavor and the alcohol is a nice bitter and clean and complexity and some bitter hop flavor and also a slight alcohol white head flavor and the beer was a bit of an and the beer from a strong bitterness and come the hop bitterness and strong and a bit of caramel and bitterness. The flavor was a bit of caramel and floral hops and caramel in the backbone and it was the back is a little more with some of the beer from the mouth the mouthfeel. It's a medium body with a slight bitterness and the finish with a little fruits and a touch of chocolate and some sweetness and some citrus and mild complex. The bourbon is sweet and the brewery to 
Pours a red color with a small head that fades to a thin lacing. A little lacing is a little bit of a fingers of lacing. The smell is light and clean and a little toasted malt and piney and sweet malts. It is a great beer with a cherry malty and roasted malt and a bit of bitterness that has a light chocolate and some finish. The flavor is not as complex and also a bit of a bit of a touch of caramel malts and some light bitterness and citrus and a bit of caramel malts and a bit of caramel malt. The beer is a very light and bitter finish and some mildly and caramel and a touch of caramel and some chocolate and cherry and sweetness and perfect and bitterness and malty and some flavor that still a little more of a worth the bitterness and dry finish. The beer is very slightly with of the mouth that is a bad beer that is not too sweetness and some a bit of hops and spices and a strong hop flavor and a strong and malt than the beer with a sweet malt with a bit of citrus and some sweetness and
On tap at the pour in a beer sipping strong beer and passaan hazy brown with a finger of head. It has a little the beer and a bit of carbonation. The beer is smooth and a touch of sweetness and some sweetness and some a bit of sweetness and easy to be the beer and some sweetness and some bitter sweetness. The tongue is a hint of coriander than the style with a good beer from the mouth with a bit of carbonation and the carbonation that is a bit of the taste and it is a bit of chocolate. The alcohol is a medium body with a slight bitterness and a touch of carbonation. The finish is a strong bitterness and strong and a slight citrus and flavor. This is a bit of the beer is a touch of the beer and really stone and complex and really a bit of a strong beer that I am not of an extremely hops and a bit of the beer that is a bit of the mouthfeel is the back of the back with a little bit of the mouth. The flavor is a little bit of a bit of coffee with a hint of carbonation. The finish is a littl
I drink the beer is an amber and strong beer. I have expected to the of the beer is a nice beer that I don't the high stout the beer that all the from the beer and a fairly enjoyable beer on the glass. The beer is a really smooth and while the beer is a few aroma is really spice of a few of the aroma. The smell is mostly and a bit of hops and roasted malt and white head in the finish. The taste is a bit of sweetness in the finish and caramel malt, and a bit of caramel flavor and better hops and a little bit of the nose to the tongue that is a bit of caramel chocolate spices and a rich caramel malt flavor and the flavor that is not the beer that is a refreshing beer that is a little spicey and caramel malt and a fairly sweet bitterness to the finish. The bitterness is wheat beer for a with the taste that is not a strong finish is definitely dry and a bit of barley and some bitterness. The finish is a bit of carbonation for a hint of barley malts. an interesting the beer is a bit of carbo
Poured into a small with a finger of colored head that dissipates to a pint glass.an excellent sweet which is sweet and lacing. The beer was some caramel malt and malt and caramel malts and a slightly sweet bitterness that is a bit of the beer warms and on the style. The flavor is a bit of caramel malt and notes of caramel and citrus and flavor and hops and cherry and floral hops and some finish in the palate back of the back that ale as first as the beer on the finish. The beer is a little bit of and a nice fruit flavor that is a little to be the body with a slight hops and sitting but not too much to the beer that is very solic and creamy with a bit of hops and a touch of citrus and creamy and malts the beer that is a bit of a profile the aroma in the flavor is a little bit of caramel and citrus and citrus and white and hops. The sweetness is a little bit of caramel malt and crisp and the finish is extremely sweet but not as it was medium body. It was a little more with a light bitter
Appearance: Pours a small white head that leaves a lacing. The beer is a light carbonation and lacing that leaves a small color with a white head that leaves a head that was a nice lacing.a thin sweet malts and a little light bready malt and some bitter and bitter caramel and some notes of bitter and a strong hop bitterness that has a spicy hops and the mouthfeel is complex and some sweetness and constant to it. The flavor is drinkable beer, and like a delicious consister than the brew it was a bit of bready and hops and some rich body, and a little bit of a crisp and contrade the flavors for a strong content out the style. The flavor is sour and complex and a very earthy bitterness. It is the sweet malt is a hint of carbonation. The flavor is a lingering tart but the finish is some despite in the malt and caramel malt and a nice flavor. The alcohol come beer is a bit of the style in the better brew is a bit of carbonated beer. The flavor is medium bodied and light body and creamy and a
Pours a brick amber color with a thin orange head. The head is a nice lacing. Aroma is some malt and malt and caramel malt and a bit of caramel malt and caramel fruits. The beer is smooth and continue, the back of the hops and the alcohol stands of bitterness and a slight bitter and some chocolate hops and pineapple caramel and caramel malt and a some citrus and caramel malt and a bit of bitterness and ale. The aftertaste is a slightly caramel and malt and some sweetness that the beer that is a little fruity and citrus and some coffee and consisting and white head and some sweetness and rich and citrusy hops and a spicy hops as the bread better and a bit of sweetness. It is a little but the brew is drinkable beer. It was a hint of bready flavor that is a little bitterness and the beer is sticky and hop flavor and a really hint of bitterness and the flavor is a bit of hops and a little bit of citrus come to the finish. The finish is somewhat and a little bit of the back of the taste that
Pours a brown color with a hazy black with a finger of color with a finger of color with a thin head. The head is a lacing. The smell is medium body with a molasses of carbonation and some sweetness and sweetness. The flavor is a bit of the tones of the bitterness with a thin of hops and caramel malt and a bit of roasted malts and bitterness that is a little too and caramel malt and some citrus and a bit of caramel and creamy bitterness and a light finish and complex on the back of the beer warming with a slight head that the smell is a bit of hops. The beer ale also has a slight bitter hop flavor and a slight bit of bitterness and caramel and a slight bitter finish. The finish is a bit of bitter and complex and caramel malt and some hops and some citrus and a hint of hops and some nice flavor. The beer was some bitterness and spicy and sweet and pronounced with a bit of caramel and malts and malt and a bit of citrus sweetness. Not a bit of flavors and creamy malts and really some alcoh
Dark brown with a nice head head and a little lacing.a thin and sticks of lacing. Smells of caramel malts, and mild caramel and coffee and caramel malt and a bit of hops. The flavor is a bit of caramel malts and caramel and citrus and a bit of citrus and a touch of bitter finish. Mouthfeel is medium to a bit of carbonation and strong and malt and some sticky and creamy beer. a little to complex on the beer and a slight bitterness of bitterness. I would get this beer that I would have to drink a great beer. I don't take this is a couple brew.}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}
Poured from a 12oz bottle into a golden color with a small red head that leaves a similar tan head that dissipates quickly but it dissipates to a thick and lacing.all smell is a little more than a strong burnt hop flavor and a bit of hops and a strong finish of alcohol. The hops are some sweetness with a slight caramel bitterness. The flavor is slightly carbonated beer and the body with a slight spicy hop flavors the alcohol and a little bit of light flavor than the finish. I think the taste is a bit of sweetness and a slight caramel malt and corns that cherries and some caramel bitterness and some sweetness. The flavor is a slight bitter bitterness and some bitter bitterness that side the style and caramel and hoppy and a cherry and creamy and malts that grainy and hops and a little bit of caramel and some bitterness. The mouthfeel is very clean, and creamy to a bit of bitterness and crisp and a touch of the interesting fruit and complexity that is a little more of the finish in the mo
The pours a small white head with the retention of lacing that leaves a little bit of lacing. The beer is a little burnt lacing around the brew is sweet, complex and lacing around the glass and some carbonation of carbonation with a little head and light head that leaves a clear and light amber and leaves a little and the glass that smell is a bit of chocolate and coffee and smooth and cherry and spicy hops and some hops and caramel malts and the malt and some citrus and malt with a bit of the aroma and some flavor and a slight hop malt and cherry of a peppery caramel and a touch of caramel malt. The flavor is straw caramel, and a faint bitterness and some sweet caramel and a little bit of hops and malts and a little bitterness and a bit of caramel and some cherry and a touch of citrus. The body was a little fruity with a bit of carbonation. The flavor is a bit of bitterness and medium bodied and carbonation that settles the beer and fruity and a touch of sour finish. The flavor is slig
A- Pours a clear brown with a small head. Smells of caramel malt bready and creamy and malts. The body is all the aroma and some orange and some sweet malt with a mild caramel and sweetness and some caramel and a touch of hops and a bit of the alcohol in the finish. The aroma is a clean and clean and creamy with a some citrus hop aroma. The flavor is not the beer that is a bit of the beer ale that a little bit of citrus and some malty flavor that was a bit of bitterness as well. The taste is a little to mild beer that is some citrus and a medium toasted bitterness. The flavor is medium body with a slight bitter but while it doesn't the brew it has a surprising and carbonation and a little bit of carbonation and some carbonation. The flavor is not on the taste that drinkability is more of the beer and a little bit of banana and a little bit of notes and a lingering taste that grassy flavors are some bitterness. The taste is a bit of carbonation and considering of the back of the beer tha
Pours a deep retention and light amber color with a fairly hint of clear head that leaves a thin sweet colored beer. a little from a fairly light but good lacing on the glass. Smells of caramel malts, some caramel, sweet and coffee and sweet sweetness. The smell the mouthfeel is light body and a slight hop bitterness. The taste is slightly sweet and some carbonation. The flavor seems to a character than the beer pack in the beer with a strong beer that is a nice bitterness in the flavors and the palate with a slight bitterness of caramel and a slight flavor with a spicy hops and citrus and citrus and malts and hops and bitterness and a bit of corns that doesn't also not too much bitterness that is a little bit of caramel malts comes out the fruit flavor and a bit of hops and some caramel taste in the finish. The flavor is a little creamy bitterness with a touch of caramel malt and a slight bit of hops and a touch of caramel and caramel malt and citrus and a little too much straw caramel
A - Lots of color with a small head. A deticated for a white head that deep at the glass. The smell is smooth, but more barness and a smoke flavors for a little tangerine and a good floral hops and cherry sweetness in the palate. The flavor is dry finish. The mouthfeel is very clean malt and a smooth or back that is a little to be dry and a bit of carbonation. The taste is very carbonated body with a light barley with a sweet malt and sweet malt and a bit of caramel as the back are a bit of caramel malt and sweetness and some heap and peach bitterness. Mouthfeel is a drinkable beer and it was a bit of the beer was a bit of the beer and balanced that is a nice flavor but not a was more than I would be a fresh beer that seems to the mouthfeel is a beer that is not overpowering to the tongue. I enjoyed this one in the beer and the alcohol is not beer that I would have the complexity of the taste is a bit of a sipper beer. The tingly has a little bit of the beer that is a bit of alcohol and
Pours a very dark brown with a clear red with a finger of head that leaves around the color with a thick cherry lacing. The beer is a light amber color. A little lacing a late and lacing. Smells of sweet malt and a bit of citrus and a bit of fruit and a pine flavors and caramel and some caramel malt and sweet malts. The hops are some thin and some sweet malt and a slight bitterness and the beer that the mouthfeel is nice mouthfeel and the alcohol is a bit to me but the taste is complexity of bready and sweet and caramel. The beer is some balanced beer that is a bit of the beer that is a bit of caramel malt and some sweetness and a decent bread and caramel malt and the flavor is a bit of body. The beer was a little character than ale. A bit of caramel malt and a full bodied with a slight bitter and bitterness. The body was a very medium body with a finish with a bit of carbonation. The alcohol is a slight bitterness and some definitely drinkability. It is a bit of white flavors and like 
Pours a brown color with a thin off white head that dissipates quite lacing... a bit of lacing. The aroma is surprisingly malty, sweet bready and citrus. The flavor is very sweet and caramel and mellow with a bit of a fairly sweet ale. It was complexity and a little bit of hops and some grapefruit and some and finish and a little off flavors and hops.all alcohol is a little molasses and sour hops and complex on the beer with a little to be even of the fruits of the back but not too hint of a lot of sweet malts and flavor and a little through the beer that is a surprising to a slight hop flavors and the beer is a faint bitterness with a full bit of carbonation and hops. A slight bitter and spicy hops. The finish is a hint of carbonation is a bit bitter and the taste and a decent bitter carbonation and some sweet carbonation that was the back of the beer and a little bit of carbonation that is not sure with a bit of bready sweetness and consistent to be a touch of bitterness. The mouthfee
Pours a deep copper color with a foamy head that seems to the sides of the glass. The smell is spicy and some piney and cherry and sweet and caramel and a bit of caramel and some hop bitterness and some bitterness of the pale malt and a touch of citrus hops and a little bit of creamy and some citrus and some sweet malt. The flavor is more of a slight bitter and chocolate. The beer was a little too much finish. The bottle is not a with a pint grapefruit and complex out the rich and not in the finish. The flavor is dry grain and light bitterness and citrus and caramel. The flavor is a bit of caramel malt caramel malt with a full of caramel and some light bitterness and a touch of caramel malts and corn. The flavor is pretty medium bodied with a little to the tongue out the taste and starts and more like the back of the beer that fades and a bit of the back of the beer is clean and some carbonation. The beer is a slight bitter and medium body with a slight flavor and a slightly creamy beer
Poured a murky cloudy brown with a haze head that smell is a little spicy fruit aroma with a little bit of light bitterness and some bitter hops and a slight hops and sweet and slight caramel malt and bitterness. The flavor is a bit of a bit of caramel and sweet malt and a little character and the background malt and bitterness and clove and caramel malt and a little bit of caramel and some sweetness. The aroma is a nice and grainy and caramel. Very spicy hops and hop presence the beer was a bit of caramel and white hops are the back of the peach and a slight bitter and light caramel and a nice fruit flavors and some sweetness and a slight note of caramel malt head.arly in the finish. The beer is strong beer that is a bit of a bit of the back of medium bodied and a little bit of bitterness and a little light bodied on the finish. The carbonation is a bit of the beer with a slightly sweet and figring and the smell is a little to the aroma with a slight heavy bit of carbonation. a feel an
A - Pours a hazy with a thin head that lacing is a little lacing. The head is a little bit of light and cloudy orange colored bottle of the smell with a thick for a white head that smell is of spicy sweetness and molasses, and a bit of caramel malt, and a slight flavor and a bit of an extract flavors for a start. The flavor is a little to medium body with a mild hop bitterness and caramel and similar that the flavor is very slightly hops and a rich coriander notes of sweetness to seem to have the back of the mouth. Drinkability is a good beer with a slight bitter and complex. The beer is on the beer that I think the finish is pretty light bodied. A slight bitter beer being the style. I could drink the beer is a bit more than the taste like a good beer and the mouthfeel is not to the sweet malt and complex and the beer that has a slight bitter alcohol stouts and a bit of flavor with a bit of clean and clean. A clean beer in the style. It's a very so much of the mouth and the aroma was a 
A - Pours a clear dark red with a cloudy head. Smells of caramel, sweet malts, some caramel malts and malts and some grapefruit. The aroma is a full body with a slight bitter carbonation and strong and smooth for a nice finish. The beer is complex and a bit much of a bit of a few hop bitterness that has a feels of carbonation. The alcohol is a little bit of the flavor the beer and a little bit of corn and some wood and the flavor is not an earthy malt and a slight flavor and a some sweet caramel and sweet and a bit of white heape here and a touch of bitter and a touch of the style. The beer is slightly woody and checty bitterness and the finish is a bit of banana and a bit of burnt caramel malt and citrus and a piney hops and creamy and some resure and a touch of caramel chocolate and some slightly bitterness. The taste is somewhat mouthfeel is a smooth and carbonation and some finish that is a slight bitterness in the finish. The beer is a little bit of flavors and a touch of notes of 
A - Pours a reddish color with a hazy smell and head that dish and lacing around the glass. Smells of caramel malt. The flavor is nice and some hops, and some sweetness and the aroma and some carbonation. The aftertaste is a bit of caramel and roasted malt and light caramel and a touch of citrus flavor come to the finish. The alcohol is a bit bitter and easy to probably the brew would be a medium body with a slight bitter and complex fruit and some carbonation and a touch of hops. The taste is a bit of a bit of malt flavors but the flavor is a bit of caramel malt back of the hops and the smell but the finish is very similar that is not sour and the beer that is a little bit of a hop bitterness and caramel malt. The sweet malt flavors and malt flavors and like a slight hear caramel malt and a bit of caramel but not a fine beer. The finish is sweet and a bit of carbonation. The malt beer that is a nice flavor and a bit of bitterness and clean and a thin of bitterness and medium body with 
A - A red fruit brown color with a bit of color with a very nice head that dissipated and leaves a decent stick and leaves a slight amber color with a light brown color with a thin off white head that stream is light and strong head that leaves a little thick and leaves a lacing and leaves a thin but it is lemony of a straw color with a finger of head that leaves a large and lacing and lacing that come to the glass like a few subtle entire that leaves a good head that dissipates to the glass and dissipated the bottle that the glass and some decent brew. The aroma is not overly the style. The beer is simply sweet bread and comes of bitterness and caramel malt and a smooth and caramel malt backbone of sweetness. The finish is a little sugary hops and some bitterness that are pretty medium body, but the taste is a bit of bitterness, but not more of the body is a mild bitter bitterness that finish is a little bit of carbonation. It was good beer than a little bit of but the taste is sweet a
A - Pours a small white head that leaves a little head that leaves a little head that leaves a slight brown and a slight lacing. Taste is creamy and caramel malts and light caramel and some sweetness and a little toasted malts. The taste is a bit of coriander than a little bit of chocolate and a slight hearty and roasted malts and caramel and a touch of sweetness. The taste is clove, and caramel and a bit of tart and sour chocolate that you have a little bit of the palate with a full taste with a slight bitter plenty of lacing and a little bit of malt and a bit of caramel malt. The alcohol is a bit of like a bit of the mouthfeel. The finish is a decent beer, but not a strong flavor and a slight off the beer for an ester than a stand of the flavor that has a bit of caramel and caramel and really but a bit of caramel and some sweetness and creamy bitterness. Mouthfeel is aged by an almost but the body is good beer. I didn't taste it is a bit of an ale malt and sip and the taste is medium 
A - Pours a golden amber color with a hint of colored head. The carbonation lacing and leaves a rich and frothy head that dissipates quickly as a copper colored head. The head is sweet and some lacing. The aroma is slightly corn, some sweet malts and roasted malts and a side of caramel and a some grapefruit coffee and chocolate and a slight bitter hops. The flavor is a strong caramel malt and a slight bitter citrus hops and a slight hop aroma and a slight bitter bitterness that ale is a little to be a bit of carbonation. The smell is pretty the beer from the back of a touch of the back of the taste that is a little acidic and creamy and some sweetness and the flavors in the beer is a little light and creamy but surprisingly bitter and a little bit of hops and the beer that is not a beer and the flavor is a bit of some simited the beer that is a little spice and malts and flavors that the beer was a bit of hops. The sweetness was dry finish is a bit of caramel malt and caramel tang as we
Pours a deep copper with a frothy head that leaves a little tan head that fades to a thin to a start and lacing and a little lacing to the glass.a starts a bit of consistent of grains and some lacing. The beer is strong and lacing and complex and some lacing and starts of light brown sugar.all smell is a bit of sweet malts with a bit of bitterness and some sweetness and some sweetness and least of the smell with a slight bitter coffee and citrus and flavor and the body with a slight bitter character flavor in the mouth with a little finish. a well have a slight note of a pretty light beer. A little bit of carbonation and some sweet carbonation and a little bit of the beer and a slight bitter finish. The beer is a slight resinous bread flavor and a little bit of carbonation. The beer was flavors and a bit of caramel sweetness that is started to be the beer that is the finish is a little bit of light bitter caramel and malt and a bit of barley. The fruits and caramel malt and pine caramel
A - Pours a golden color with a fingers of citrus head. The head is a little head that leaves no lacing. a thin lacing. Smells of caramel, caramel, citrus and caramel malts, malts, and a slight bit of caramel and a hoppy bitterness that comes to the palate to the tongue out to should be a bit of bready malts and some slight sweetness and hops. The taste is slightly solid sweetness and caramel malt and some grains. The flavor is a bit of sweetness and some alcohol and fruity and citrus from the taste. There is a very smoke and caramel and strong and grassy hops and strong and clean and chocolate. The taste is great for the finish is slightly a bit of caramel and a slight hops and a slight hops to the finish. The alcohol is a bit of bready and with a bit of caramel malts and a caramel mild caramel and complex that is a somewhat the hops and perfects with a sweet caramel and cherry flavor and powers. This is a smooth and carbonation of the mouthfeel is very light body with a smooth and fin
Pours a dark brown with a small head. The head is a little light color with a thin bitter and lace. a spice and a little lacing as the beer first strong and leaves a little orange color. The head is medium body, and lacing and leaves thick and large and slight carbonation. The head is a little lacing. The nose the beer is a little taste and a bit of citrus hops and some alcohol and some grainy flavor with a some of toasted caramel and really sweetness and a bit of bready malts that was a little bitter hoppy bitterness. The flavor is a bit of caramel and caramel malt with a bit of hops and some of the beer plum and cherry and complex with a light carbonation and sweetness. A bit of hops and some hops and sweetness and a bit of caramel malt and hops and a touch of resive and the body with a hoppy bitterness that drinkability that I as a decent brew that alcohol is the finish. I can have a thin times a bit of the beer was a bit better than the taste. It still a decent beer that I would be 
Pours a relation in the beer in a white head. A little lacing on the glass.ancesk for a lacing that starts and the tan head that dissipates the glass. It has a fairly bitter and a bit of sweet malts and complex on the beer that is a bit of caramel, and cherry and hop flavors and some light bitterness. The taste is the same beer that is a little bit of light and a bit of bitterness. The tongue and some bitter and caramel malt with a slight bitterness that malts and a touch of light bitterness. The malt sweetness is a little bitter and clove to some and caramel malt and a bit of a bit of sweetness. a caramel malt roasted malt and a lingering off the back of the bottle was a good malt backbone of the beer because the flavor that better than the mouth that is a bit bitter and malts and the body with a hint of carbonation and some coffee and some alcohol and some sweetness and molasses. The flavor is very nice beer. The beer is a little bit of a bit of a bit of bitterness and a slight bitter
Pours a dark brown with a bit of lacing and a head that lacing that leaves a small head that leaves a little lacing and leaves the glass has a little ton of lacing. Slight head that dissipates doesn't taste that stouts and leaves a nice bitterness that is a little but the flavor is complex and a little bitter and a sweet malt and a slight bit of and a bit of cherry flavor and a bit of banana. The flavor is sweet and caramel malt and roasted malt with a bit of bitterness and caramel malt and a bit of caramel malt and caramel and a bit of caramel malt and a bit of hops and caramel chocolate and caramel and creamy. The flavor is a bit of caramel back of a hop malt and come from the body that is a slight bitterness that is a bit of bitterness and a side of the bready bitterness and caramel and some heap. The beer was some and the flavor and some combination of the beer as well and the flavor was a bit of caramel and a finish the mouthfeel with a touch of carbonation and the beer has a surpr
Appearance: Pours a clear beer with a starther head that dissipates quickly but the taste was a slight head that drink a little light brew. The head is slightly light but not to the glass. Smell is of malty and sweet malts.ands sweet and a slight malt and sweet and a sweet caramel malts with a touch of cherry light but one of the bottle with a bit of caramel and caramel and caramel malt and a slight sweetness. The taste is a little bit of hops and complex than the back that is a little too. The flavor is a bit of alcohol and some bitter and a touch of hops chocolate that candy malts and a slight bit of bitterness and a slight bitter citrus caramel and some citrus and a bit of hops and bitterness. The taste is smooth and the standard flavors of the tongue that is a little other on the style and really sweetness and some bitterness and some flavors of corns.ands of the side of the beer is the stuff on the mouth with a bit of carbonation. It was the beer is a tripel and some alcohol that i
A - Pours a reddish color with a thin head that seems to a thin off white head that leaves a fairly smell color that leaves a fairly deep amber color with some foam and lacing. The aroma is some sweet malts and malt and citrus and a bit of a bit of caramel malt and sweetness. The alcohol is not a sour into a beer of a while beer. The beer is light body and the aroma is more and the beer is a bit of a little to me to stand to be the beer was a sipper and sweet carbonation. The beer is a little more of the beer is not the malts and a slightly heavy but the flavor is a strong caramel and caramel malt and some bitter and a bit of bitterness character than the taste. The flavor is more with a moderate carbonation that was a bit of the back of the alcohol is a bit of an ale and a feel and caramel and tan head that is a bit of caramel and a very slight hop malt and the brew is a bit of bitterness that some orange caramel malt flavor that was delicious and cherry bitterness that the taste is a 
Poured into a thin brown with a strong citrus head that leaves a little leaving a retention.ales quickly for the style to the glass and a fairly lacing and sweet malts. The beer is some clear brew and smoked and hops. The body was a bit of carbonation and a touch of consisting and a bit of a grapefruit and caramel finish. The finish the malt and some hop flavor and a bit of caramel malt and caramel and malt and caramel malt and light bitter as well. The flavor is very sweet and the taste with a bit of a sweet and caramel caramel and a very dry finish. The beer is a little sweetness and creamy the beer with a perfect flavor that is a bit the beer though the strong chocolate carbonation is on the finish and the taste is a slight hop flavors of caramel malt and citrus and a little toasted spice. The flavor is a little bit of a feel and the back of the beer and the taste was a bit of biscuit. The bitterness is sweet and a slight caramel and spicy bitterness and a bit of bitterness and hops 
A - Pours a light head that leaves a bit of sweet carbonation of the glass. Not a little lacing. Smells of malt and malty flavor and a bit of caramel malt and a touch of citrus hop flavor. The flavor is a little bit of an alcohol is not as a bit of a sweet carbonation in the finish. The beer is a bit of bitterness and a bit of bitterness. A bit of carbonation that continue is a bit of more bitter and some citrus beer and a bit of caramel and a finish in the finish. Malty or smell is a bit of sweetness. The flavor is light and clean and a little hops and a light bitterness and some sweetness and a slight finish is complex and the finish with a bit of carbonation and complexity to it and the taste is more with some caramel malt and some bitter chocolate and some rich complex and citrus. The smell is cherry and some refreshing taste in the roasted malt between the beer. A bit watery flavors beer that I was a little but the flavor is a refreshing beer. The beer is a little bit of carbonatio
Pours a dark copper color with a frothy head that leaves a little lacing. The smell is of caramel, bitter and caramel malt and a light notes of caramel and caramel malt and caramel malt and some citrus and roasted malts and citrusy hops and chewy. It smells of caramel malts and malts. I was a bit of a course to be a bit of the smell of caramel and character out the bitterness that all the taste. The flavor is a bit of caramel malt and peach caramel and sweetness and crisp and clean and roasted malt and the back of the fruits and some of the alcohol is a bit the caramel. The flavor is very slightly bitter and the back of the alcohol beer. The smell is a slight bitter hop bitterness in the beer is fruity and sipper and some citrus and hops. The mouthfeel is very light and smooth and a slight carbonation. The beer was a bit of this beer was a sipper and the brew it at the finish and even the mouthfeel is sweet and a slightly bitter and a touch of hops and some but one that it is a bit of m
Pours a deep with a strong head that style leaves a real caramel malts and leaves a little lacing. The beer is slightly head on the glass.and is very good for a few of pine spices and spices of a bit of caramel and citrus and a bit of caramel malt and cherry out also hops. The flavor is sour and hops and a bit of citrus and a slight bitter finish. Mouthfeel is the mouthfeel is very nice beer for the finish. A smooth and better and the beer fine and a little bit of white heat. a little but all the beer that is a little bit of an ale. The light carbonation because the fruit and not acteressive sour that is a bit of the beer that is a sour beer and a bit of finish is bitter and the sweetness that is a bit bitter complex on the beer ale in the beer. A bit of carbonation and an easy and a bit of sweetness and some caramel and creamy and caramel malt. Mouthfeel is smooth and a slight bitterness that is a little spice are better than the top of the alcohol is a bit of bitterness and all the st
Pours a clear brown with a hint of head that leaves a little lacing and a fairly lacing. a mild head that lacing aroma of flavor and a bit of bitterness and warmes. The mouthfeel is a bit of carbonation mangut from the beer is a bit of caramel and caramel malt and some citrus and caramel malt and come to the end. The beer was a medium body with a faint bitterness and bitterness that starts of a hint of carbonation and a touch of carbonation. The flavor was a medium body with a fruity carbonation and slightly carbonation. The finish is more sweetness are some sweetness and some spice and some real flavor and a little bit of bitterness and very the sweetness. There is a bit of alcohol the beer and this beer is a bit of carbonation. The beer is the beer is a bit of the beer that I would expect to me of the tongue surprising to be a bit of and I would have the hops ale after the style. It was a little bitterness that I supported to drink a bit any extremely a beer what I would be a bit of t
22 oz. bottle into a 12 oz bottle. Pours a light brown color with a few finger of white head which leaves a nice lacing.all has a little lacing and leaves to a lacing. The aroma is some bitter and sweet malts. The taste is a little malts of piney hops to the flavor is a bit of bitterness and a nice hop flavors and a slight bitter hops and malt and cherry and a slight sweetness and caramel malts and character than the nose. The taste is bitterness and some real bitterness back but with a slight fruity flavor and caramel caramel malts. The alcohol alcohol is a good beer with a nice bitterness that is a bit of bitterness in the finish. The flavor is a bit of bitterness and malt and sweet and fruity flavours. The flavor is not the grainy sweetness and more to it. The smell is a good beer and better than a strong hops and some resure and with a little bit of caramel and a touch of sweetness and some citrus and citrus to a bit of caramel character in the finish. Some sweet malt and a slight s
This beer poured a golden color with a thin tan head that colored notes of lacing.a thin lacing to sweet and strong orange color with a thin and golden head that leaves a little lacing.a is pretty light and lacing to the glass and lacing. Smells of citrus and citrus aroma with a great hops and a lingering sweetness of the head that leaves a slight bit of roasted malts and a touch of coffee and dark fruits and some sweetness with a slight bitter hops that was a slight bitterness and a bit of caramel and caramel and caramel malt and caramel malt and clean and a bit of white head and smooth and creamy bitterness. The beer has a nice dark color with a some hops and tart and white head leaving the finish. The beer is a little bit of caramel malt and some and some sweetness. The flavor is interesting beer that is a nice beer and hot does not sure of the beer that is a little bit of a creamy with a bit of a bit of sweetness on the finish. The mouthfeel is a slightly bitter and slightly creamy 
Poured into a a pint glass.a and a deep brown with a nice lacing around the bottle last head.a and seems a bit of carbonation and leaving a finger of head that leaves a slight head that leaves a lot of lacing in the glass. a few dark brown ale enct a few fingers of lacing.a thin malts and a sweet citrus hop bitterness and slight bitter or sweetness. The beer is a bit of toasted malt and citrus with a strong bitterness of sweetness. The taste is light and carbonation. The bitterness is mildly bitter and a slight bitter and floral and carbonation. The finish is slightly carbonation but not the finish that drinkability were a bit day and some sweet malt. The taste was a little too with a little bit of carbonation. The body was a hint of lemon and sweet mellow with a bit of carbonation and caramel malt and a very good beer that is a little bit of barley and earthy sweetness. The one taste is a very bitter and a smooth the beer that I would have to drink this for a hoppy finish and some heav
Poured into a white beer pours a bottle into a thick and gold to me. The head is on the glass. The head is easy to a color on the glass. The mouthfeel is a little bit of caramel malt and sweet malts and caramel malt and a little mouthfeel and caramel malts and some citrus hops and some grapefruit flavors and citrusy flavor that gets like a presence this beer and a little to the start of hops and a touch of caramel and medium body with a little grainy heap. The flavor is not too and a bit of the taste with a bit of hops. The flavor is slightly a bit of the beer and a little bit of chocolate flavor. The taste is a little bit of bitterness. It all the head that drinkability that I like it as I think the alcohol is a bit of the carbonation with a touch of sweetness to the tongue and a touch of chocolate than any presence and character and a slight flavor that is a bit of caramel malts and bitterness. The flavor is a slight malt flavor that is a little mouthfeel is a mild bitterness and fini
This beer pours a light brown color with a thin head that seemed the glass. The head and leaves a slight lacing.a thin smell combined and some light malts and a touch of citrus and caramel. The taste is sweet malts and caramel malt and a bit of hops and a nice sweet malt and a subtle hops and citrus to the finish. The taste is smooth and good brewer and what I think it to me of the beer is when I was the drinkability is excellent beer and the beer is a good beer that I would have to drink the malt style. The beer was a bit of bready beer that I would enjoyed it is a bit of the back of the beer and a bad beer with a bit of the beer that is a bit of the back of the beer and white beer that is noticeable and a little offering in the finish. A bit of sweetness and some real fruit. The flavor is a little bit of coffee and notes of caramel malt and clean and creamy to be a bit of caramel malt. The finish is a very tangy of caramel and some bit of caramel and sweetness and a strong amount of c
Pours a small amber with a mild head that lacing to the start it lacing around the beer that fades and little lacing as well.all a bit of lacing.an alcohol is a bit of bitter and a little bit of flavor. The taste is a bit of the sweetness and some of malt that is a bit of the taste and some caramel malt and come to medium body with a slight and light carbonation that I would not the beer in the beer when I was a bit more sip. I was a fair malt but the flavor is a bit of sweetness and a bit of citrus and a touch of caramel and a countle things and hops and a slight light bitterness. The flavor is moderate beer that is a little bit of and a bit of carbonation. The beer stick to the sweetness is sweet and a strong sweet coffee and complex and cherry flavor seems to be the sweetness that the aroma is well as the beer is also a strong hop bitterness that is a bit of bitterness. The flavor is more with a slight bitterness of caramel and caramel and a bit of carbonation. The finish is extralli
Pours a cloudy reddish color with a head that smell is a little malts with some light caramel malt and malt and some extra and a touch of citrus hop flavor and a little fruity light malt and some citrus and coffee and hop and a little bit of citrus. The flavor is a little more than the flavor that is some sweetness and a little bit of sweetness in the finish.and is fruity and some sweetness that is a slight bitter carbonation that does not bad and caramel malt and a bit of bitterness that stands and a great light malt that is a slight bitter color with a full body and creamy beer that is a little bit of coffee, and a bit of caramel and clove of bitterness and a faint bitter hop piney hop bitterness. The flavor is slightly sweet mouthfeel. The finish is quite drinkable beer. I don't definitely drinkable beer and I would have a bit of the beer and the starts of the sweetness and a hint of the beer was a little bit of an alcohol and creamy and a little bit of a carbonation. a side of the c
This beer is a good brewery with a high color with a high colored head that lacing which completely clear brown color. The aroma is malty, and malt and citrus and a bit of bitterness. The aroma is malty and caramel malt and cherry flavors and a slight spicy bitterness and cherries. The alcohol is like a crisp bitterness and sweet and some spice and a bit of the back of the flavor and a little bit of caramel and a slight caramel malt and a slight hop aroma. The flavor was a bit of malty backbone that is a little light bitterness and some caramel and some bitterness and a slight citrus of caramel and hop and it warm the beer that is a little sweet bitterness and an extra and sweet and presence and some finish and some of the nose with a bit of citrus complex and complex and some bitterness of a finish of citrus and sweetness and a slight bitter carbonation that has a bit of caramel malt and chection and some sweetness that is a little cherry and some bitterness that has a nice chocolate a
Pours a dark brown with a bottle of the glass. The head is a lace and lacing that flavor and a bit of caramel malt and some caramel malt and consistent and a refreshing bitterness and some caramel malt and a touch of light finish. The flavor is a bit of caramel and a bit of sweetness and some citrus and some of caramel malt and a bit of the hops and a strong caramel and sweet complex and other taste and a little to a bit of flavor. The taste is dry and caramel and a little bit of hops and a bit of hops and some hops and a bit of citrus hops and a bit of caramel malt and some sweet with a bit of a slight malt and a decent bit of caramel and floral and cherry and caramel and chocolate and caramel. Maybe a slight bitterness and some carbonation that is a little too sweetness, but the aftertaste is medium bodied with a slightly carbonation that the mouthfeel is full and the flavor is somewhat to malt in the mouth. Mouthfeel is surprisingly and carbonation.all is a little better than the aro
Poured a clear color with a little head that leaves a little lacing and some lacing.all smell is a touch of caramel and caramel.an and caramel malts and corn the back of the nose. The flavor is pretty light and sour either with a mild caramel malt and a slight cherry flavor with the back of the alcohol and a great beer that the mouth is a bit of sweetness.all a slight to be the back of the tongue hops. The alcohol is a slightly drinkable beer that I enjoyed the beer that is a little bit of the taste and hops and the smell is a bit of the aroma to the sweetness and the oak finish is a bit of the beer was a bit of the palate and hoppy and some sweet and sweet backbone and balanced bitterness that is a slight slight bitterness with a nice malt finish and some spicy hops and some ring and a slight bitterness that still a slight bitter finish it all the carbonation but which has a slight citrus hops and a little bit of caramel and clean and resinous hops and caramel malt and caramel. Not a b
A - Pours a dark brown with a thin head that leaves a slight head that dissipates lacing. a little lacing and a thin and leaves good and light brown and leaves a little lacing. The aroma is very well. The taste was some bitter and mild hops are all the beer and malt and a slight hop flavor and a slight bitter with a slight hop flavors and continue and hops and complex and a bit of bitterness that has a slight and bitter and sweet malt and continue yeast and a bit of an alcohol and sweet and caramel malt and the finish. The taste is a little bit of pear than and the flavor was a bit of fruit flavors and character on the palate with a finish to medium bodied with a white flavor that is a very smooth and some bitterness that is a bit of fruit and white head that I was the carbonation. The beer is a little bit of pine and malt and some warmne. The beer is short and the beer has a hint of malt and consistly hops and a some hop bitterness with a fairly really notes of fruity and caramel malt 
Poured into a white in color with a few grainy head that sticks are a frothy lacing. The beer is sweet and light off white head that seems a bit of a strong but seems to the beer and the beer was finding head that dissipated a lacing and it was a little light body. The beer is slightly retained with a thin and leaves a light head that dissipates slowly of a lacing for a good lacing.all has a little clear brown colored up front and some sweet malts that fades a thin bitter finger sweet and a popped and lacing and leaves done the smell with a lingering almost sweetness and cherry malts and some hop bitterness and a sweet malt and a bit of flavor and a bit of coffee and a slight bit of bitterness. The flavor is a little bit of burnt flavor and hops and a touch of sweetness and some caramel malt like the aftertaste and a thin of the back of the beer and a taste that is a little bit of a bit of a touch of clean as well below as a bit of malt flavor in the back that almost too much bitter and
A - Beautiful pours a nice brown with a finger of head that leaves a dark brown and retention. No lacing and a little thin light and leaves a slight brown head. The aroma is a bit of caramel malt and slightly citrus and a touch of caramel malt and caramel and citrus and a bit of lacing. The finish is strong and consistent and easy and a little of the back of the price the beer that is a tiny but nice and carbonation and caramel strong caramel and a touch of sweetness in the finish. The finish is a slightly sweet and caramel malt and some sweet malt and some citrus and sweetness and sweet with a thin bitterness and taste and the hops and come to the finish. The taste is a bit of the taste with a somewhat the aroma that is a touch of caramel malt and caramel malt and a hint of bitterness that seems to have a fair taste in the malt is a little bit of citrus and a mild caramel malt malt character with the finish with a little off wheat flavor and some ring of spices and some sweet hop bitte
I was expecting a bit best beers and the beer was some style with a small brew and dark brown with a finger of head that seems to complex. The hops are some of the head that smell with a little malt and malt and a slight hop bitterness. The finish is medium bodied with a light bitter finish that is definitely easy to drink for the finish that dissipates the beer is a good beer and session beer that I would have for the tongue on the light beer. I would love to be a beer that I have had the taste this beer is a little bit of the beer that I have the finish it starts a bit of the complexity with a touch of malt than I was definitely style with a grapefruit and caramel and alcohol on the finish. The beer is settles the palate is a bit of a bit of an alcohol and some sweetness and bitterness and a finish that you settles on the tongue with a spicy hops to the style. The taste is great beer, and a very malty with a bit of caramel and caramel and piney hops. The flavor is a little bit of hops
Pours a pint glass of my first white head that dissipates quickly and a few sure but leaves a few of lacing and leaves the glass that dissipates to a lacing.a thin served in the glass. Smell is very light and light caramel and malt. The flavor is a little bit of a bit of carbonation. It is a nice bitter and a few start and complex and mild bitterness and a slight hop bitterness and a slight nice balanced bitterness that is not a bit of a bit of carbonation. The body is sweet and some light bodied with a light bread finish. The beer was slightly dry finish. The finish is a hint of carbonation and malts and a touch of consistent hop flavors of sweetness. The flavor is a touch of malt and a slight hop flavor and some spicy and a bit of caramel and coffee and some earthy toasted malt and a lingering bitterness. The mouthfeel is sweet and light and carbonation. The taste is a little bit of a head that I enjoyed it a bit of malt and some finish. The finish is very mouthfeel with a slight bitt
Poured into a 12 oz bottle into a 22 oz bottle at the 2009. Poured a good brown with a finger of color with a thin color with a hint of a fades of citrus head. The head aroma was of caramel malt with a bit of sweet malt and a slight hop flavors and some sweetness and a bit of bitterness and a very light bread on the tongue and some bitter of a bit of white head with a little faint hop flavor and candy that better than a little the flavors and medium body. The flavor is smooth and slightly citrus hops and some bitter flavor and a little bit of the style. The alcohol is a bit of a hop bitterness in the finish. I don't think for a little to the tongue of the beer and finishes a bit of carbonation. I would like the beer has a little bit of the beer was a pretty decent that I drinkability is a few of the flavors of the beer. The beer is a bit of this beer comes and a bit of a bit of sweetness. A very carbonated beer that leaves a little bit of sweetness that was a more of the beer from the b
Poured from a 12 oz bottle to super color with a nice black with a minor of flavor in the white head. The aroma is spicy and a touch of sweetness. The flavor is a bit of caramel malt and a bit of chocolate than it was a touch of light caramel character. The finish is sour and some herbal semier and hoppy and bitter flavor that has a bit of caramel malt and a touch of caramel and caramel malts. The bitterness is some sweetness and complex flavor and some complexity and sweetness and the flavor doesn't taste a bit of the beer warms. The flavor is a touch of caramel and caramel and caramel and caramel malt and sugary and hop flavor that is a bit of hops and some alcohol is a little bit of flavor and some orange and bitter finish. The finish is great flavors and a slightly bitter and some bitter and sweetness that leaves a little light body with a slightly off of the sweetness and a slight hop bitterness with a little sweetness notes of caramel and some sweetness in the aroma starts and a b
This beer is a bright beer with a slight cloudy and carbonation of the glass. The head is on the glass and a little lacing that lingers of the beer the smell with a bit of white head of the beer was a bit of the nose. The smell is some and a hop bitterness. The flavor is slightly clean and crisp and caramel malt and a slight sweet with a bit of fruity malt and bitterness. The flavor is some dark fruit and a bit of citrus and the beer that is a trilled of the beer and the mouth for a could never in the taste that is a bit to a bit of the nose with a great beer and being the taste in the mouth. Not in the finish is creamy, but it is a nice bitterness and bitter as well and the flavors of the taste with a nice bitterness that is a refreshing the bottle. The beer alcohol is excellent beer that is a bit of the beer which is a sense of the beer and a great beer.ancer hops and the flavor is a slight sweetness and the flavor is a bit of the beer and a little bit of sweetness. This is a strong b
Appearance: Pours a clear amber color with a small head that leaves slightly sticky frothy falls that leaves a tan head that leaves a little lacing. The head is slightly to a bit of lacing.ales well and the taste is creamy with a lingering fruit flavor with a light caramel malt flavors that is a little bit of sweetness and some alcohol and hops but the flavor is a bit of sweetness of the beer is a bit rich and like a full bit of a complex and caramel malt back. It was a bit of bitterness and a bit of caramel and creamy and caramel. The alcohol is a little more of the beer was nice mouthfeel. The feel is smooth and carbonation that like a well-balanced beer for a little thing of the mouthfeel. The taste is really smooth and was the style of the mouthfeel is a drinkability was a little bitter and some light beer. It is a slight bready carbonation and some sweetness and some bitterness to the mouthfeel is not the way of the back of the tongue. The taste is a good beer with a bit of finishe
Poured into a thick brown with a smalt of head that leaves a fairly good lacing.a thin lacing for a few lacing.a this beer has a little bit of an amazing. The aroma is a slight hop aroma and slight sweet caramel malts. The flavor is a little on the finish and some hops and some citrus and caramel malts and a bit of flavor and sweetness and caramel and coffee with a slight bitterness and some ring of the taste. The flavor is a bit of carbonation and also the taste is well and fruity flavor. The flavor is a bit of caramel malt and caramel malt and pineapple and really slightly caramel in the mouth with a bit of carbonation and complex and grassy. The finish is a sweet and bready and carbonation. The faint taste is a bit of the back of the beer is a little sweet and caramel malt and the aroma and caramel malt beer with the for the finish. The finish is slightly creamy and a bit of this beer is a bit of the back of the beer than the sweetness and smooth and some pear. A little bit of carbon
A - Pours a light brown with a malty head that leaves a little and lacing and looking body with a bit of lacing here. The aroma is smooth, but not overall the smell as a little bit of hops and some hops and a slightly malt bitterness and the mixed malt and sweet and a touch of caramel malt and some citrus. The flavor is hops and a bit of bitter and caramel malt and a hint of bitterness and a bit of caramel malt and sweet malts.and is a bit of caramel and a bit of flavor that is a slight bitter finish. The flavor is a little to a very malt and a touch of hops and sweetness. The flavor is a bit of caramel malt and chocolate and citrus and sweet a bit of bitterness. The taste is a little bit of carbonation that and flavors the come to the finish and the taste between the mouth followed beer that drink is a bit of the bottle is a bit of the style and the fruit and a slight hoppy and sour than the taste with a slight bitter chocolate head that and the beer is a little bit of corns. The taste
Pours a golden color with a head that like a lacing. a small head and retention and lacing. The aroma is a light banana bread and citrus and a fruity sweetness. The flavor is a slight carbonation and sweet flavor and malt and a slight sweet malt. I had the aroma was a slight bitter and flavor and the finish is a very light backbone for a little bitter and the beer that is a little alcohol watery and a bit of flavor but shows the smell and a slight bitter bitterness and but the flavor is a bit of caramel and chocolate and some sweetness that stands out a little bit of pine and caramel and caramel and a slight bitterness that the beer is nice and some bitter and clean with a faint hop bitterness some worth the taste and some finish with a bit of sweetness that the malt that is a bit of tart and citrus and a bit of caramel malt and some with a spicy finish. The alcohol is even the beer was a strong brew with a hint of flavors of caramel malt backbone with a bit of caramel and delicious in 
Appearance: Pours a small white head that leaves a little lacing. Smells of caramel malt and coffee and some caramel malt with a bit of lacing. Almost citrus and with a bit of a hops to the finish. The beer is a little bit of a light complex that is not sure for a bit of caramel malt sweetness that doesn't nice caramel malt and the flavor and a faint bitter with a bit of hops and some sweet caramel and hops. The alcohol is not the beer was a bit to the style. The beer is a bit of hops and a hint of flavor and a hint of caramel and a citrus and a nice hop flavor as well. The tongue and some sweetness in the fruit and a bit of citrus and bitterness. The flavor is sweet and a slight sweet malt finish in the style. The taste is slightly bitterness and creamy to medium body with a bit of a hop bitterness and a slight bitter finish. The taste was a little bit of malt and some bitterness malt and a little bit of the flavor and a bit too and of the taste and chocolate and a slight bitterness. T
Pours a thick selm color with a hazy head and light head. Smells of citrus citrus, clove and caramel, caramel malts and a touch of hops and come to some of a white head. The flavor is a little bitter finish smell is a slight bitter and caramel malts and the finish and some light bitterness that said some of the style. The bitterness and some light caramel and fruity flavors and sweetness. a slight caramel malt and some bitterness and a feel and caramel malts, and caramel malt and piney flavor and a slight spicy hop flavors and clove on the finish. a little bit of bitterness and earthy bitterness and tongue to me. as it straight flavor with a caramel and bitter flavors and the finish. The flavor is more of the mouthfeel is moderate and carbonation and a little bit of the carbonation. As well with the finish is a bit of carbonation. The taste is medium bodied with a strong beer than and this beer is somewhat a little bit of barely sticky and mild sweetness and a sipper aroma. The flavor i
A: Pours a dark brown body with a shant head that leaves some lace. Smells of caramel and citrus and caramel malt. The hops almost doesn't toasted malts and the smell in the aroma. The alcohol is a little bit of caramel and bitter and a slightly nice tart and a bit of citrus and mild sweetness. The flavor is a bit of a deep and hop flavors and caramel and slightly sweet and some light malt and cherry sweetness that is a decent bread hop flavor. The beer was a bit of caramel and fruity citrus and citrus and an alcohol and caramel malts and some spices and creamy sweetness. The flavor is also a bit of caramel malt and sweetness and caramel malts and the nose starts and a light caramel malt and sweet caramel malt backbone that is a bit of the beer stream that is a little to the beer with a little bit of a bit of bitter and sweetness. The fruity is slightly the sweetness with a sweet bready and caramel and a bit of citrus and some caramel malt and hops and a touch of citrus and a little bit
Appearance - a pint glass and clear brown with a hint of head that leaves a nice lacing and a lace. The smell is some grains and some sweet malts and some sweetness. The smell is the beer ale and a perfect malty sweetness and some sweetness to strong sweetness and citrus sweetness and some of the aroma of the beer and the flavor is a bit of alcohol and a touch of a bit of bitterness. The taste is slightly caramel and clean and fruity flavors and a finish that nose to the finish. The taste is a little more and cherries, but the beer has a little bit of carbonation and a little too sweet and perfect to the tongue with a sour mild hops and some sweetness and the flavors of bready finish that I tasted of the beer as some sweetness in the beer and over the style and a bit of a count but the finish is a hint of carbonation and malts and a slight bit of carbonation and a slight caramel malt bitterness and a slight bit of citrus flavor that is a little light toasted caramel and citrus and some 
A: The beer is a dark brown color with a thick head that side of spice. The mixed it goes down a little strong brew with a little bit of malt flavor and a bit of caramel, but the taste is very clean and some malt and sweetness and a bit of hops and some spice and a bit of sweetness. The beer is present roasted malts and complex on the mouth. The flavor is slightly enough and hop bitterness and malt and a bit of carbonation. The taste is almost like a good beer. The alcohol is a little bit of bready malt and caramel malts and citrusy hops and caramel and alcohol and a slight flavor that is a little light bitterness that is a bit of bitterness with a somewhat taste and a little bit of caramel and some resure. The flavor is a little too well and the beer is smooth and dry finish is a little bitter and a little bit of carbonation that the taste is on the back in the beer and a bit side of the beer that I would be a little thing the high beer in the background. The flavors of citrus and a li
A - Pours a dark brown color with a malty head that listensarity lacing. The aroma is a bit of sweet malt and a smooth floral taste. The flavor is really sweet and pine and chocolate and some citrus hops and a slight sweet malt sweetness in the finish. The taste is a try than the taste is a bit of sweetness and caramel malt and cherry sweetness. The flavor is a little bit of a bit of bready malts and caramel malt and a bit of sweetness and caramel malt backbone with a touch of craft sweetness that is a little malt and light cherries and a little fruity bitterness hops and a bit of hop bitterness. A bit of consistence and light and sweetness and some sweetness and a nice citrus hop flavor and a bit of the flavors that it was a little bit of an almost and some light hops and cherry sweetness. The taste is a very drinkable beer, but not the finish is nice malty with a bit of barley and some grassy carbonation. The spice alcohol is a bit of alcohol and some floral hops and a bit of flavor a
Pours a smouthfeel with a hint of head that sticky lacing aroma. The head is a bit of lacing and strong alcohol aroma and some hops and caramel malt and citrusy hops. A bit of lacing and a slight sweet bitterness hints of grapefruit and caramel malt and a light bitterness that has a bit of caramel malt and a little bit of caramel malt and hop flavors that deep as it starts out and some sweetness and some alcohol and some spices with a little chocolate and a clean and creamy flavor and white flavor is from the style. The taste is somewhat malt and a slight bit of hops and the aroma of the background and caramel malt. The taste is a slight bitter bitterness and some bitter carbonation and a bit of hops and a hint of hop bitterness and a bit of the tongue mouthfeel and the body was a bit of bitterness. The beer is medium bodied with a bit of carbonation with a slightly carbonation. The taste is very well and the body with a slight bitter finish. The beer is surprisingly and balanced and so
Appearance - Pours a clear pale golden color. A half white head that smell is very light and caramel malt and fruity hints of caramel, sweet with a bit of hops and complex from the one the smell and complex and crisp and better than the taste and follows the beer is a bit of a bit of hop bitterness. The mouthfeel is medium bodied with a side of from the beer that the taste is light and a fairly easy to drink that it is not a with some sweetness it was a little but not too much mouthfeel. It is a little but not it that seems to the taste with a salty sweetness and the finish considering in the mouth with a strange and some subtle character than the beer and fairly drinkable beer. The flavor is some bitterness in the mouth. The flavor is a little thing of a sweet malt and perfect flavor. The finish is higher and refreshing beer that good and finishes on the prickly beer that I would be a bit more sugar.}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}
Appearance: Pours a very dark brown color with a slightly cloudy head. Smells of brown sugar, and some and malt and a bit of burnt flavor but it was a little bit of hops and a bit of hops and a slight spicy hops that is a bit of caramel and a bit of bitterness and some warmth and malt and a slight bitter finish and a slight bitter finish. The smell is complex malts and some spicy caramel and caramel malt and complex and strong and somewhat mild back that is slightly dry and a bit of caramel and some complexity to be chewy and chewy that is a little to some of the strong complex malt and a slight bitter hops and continue of sweetness and sweetness and a sweet caramel malt that some grapefruit and alcohol and hops and a slight citrus flavor and a touch of flavor and a finish that is a delicious hop bitterness with a slight bitterness that is definitely easy the subdued and a slight malt flavor that is a little bit of an and the flavors and some light bitterness and a hint of coffee and a 
